Brace yourself for a tale of entitlement and unexpected challenges in the workplace. 

I had been working as a small office sysadmin for a little over two months when Jack was hired. Jack was a paid intern whose mother was friends with my boss's wife. Jack grew up in the wealthiest county in the state, where my boss lives, and has had everything he ever wanted. A sense of entitlement that hung around him like the smell of five-day-old socks was the first thing I noticed upon being introduced to him. 

My boss introduces me, in that way that old bosses who don’t use computers often do. Jack extends his hand. Oh, cool. Nice to meet you. I shake his hand and respond,  Welcome aboard.  Jack is very eager to get started doing... whatever.  Will I get a business email?  he asks, as if this is the most interesting thing ever. Adorable, I think.  Eventually, yes. For the moment though, we have a shared email for interns on staff. I’ll get you the credentials shortly. Most of the interns use the shared email for a while until getting their own; just standard procedure. 

 You run the firewall, right?  

 Yes.  

 So you can block and unblock sites?  

 Yes.  Jack's eager smile is contagious.

 Cool! Nice to meet you.  He waves, and my boss and Jack leave to get introduced elsewhere. 

Now, dear reader, you might be wondering why I would call Jack the worst end user ever, given his politeness and general smiling demeanor, and some understanding of what a sysadmin is and what a sysadmin does. That's above average when it comes to end users. 

Well, we're only getting started here with Jack. The first thing Jack did was complain the moment he was out of earshot. He apparently explained to my boss that it really would be professional to have his own email given his experience and the fact that he was really more than just an intern. See, Jack knew his stuff, and that was that. If he complained to his mother, she would complain to my boss's wife, who would complain to my boss. And my boss, figuring an email is a small thing to ask for, had a request to set up a personalized email account for Jack on my desk within the hour. This was not to be a good start to a relationship with one's IT guy.

On day one, I got an IT ticket for the room where the interns work. It's a large open office with a bunch of computers and printers where the interns print stuff all day long. Because it's such mind-numbing work, they tend to play music off of Pandora or Spotify in there. The ticket says: 
 From INTERNEMAIL company email: Hey, we're having issues with Spotify. Not super important, but please help if you’re free, thanks. 

Those guys are always nice to me. Maybe it’s because I leave Reddit unblocked on our firewall so they can browse during lunch. An hour or so later, I have a few free minutes, and I head down. I check out Spotify, find the issue, and fix it. Jack is there and watches closely.

 We can use Spotify here?  he asks. 

 Yep,  I reply. 

 Pandora works too,  another intern adds. Everything checks out, and I leave the happy, music-playing interns and Jack.

A couple of hours later, I got a note on my desk. See, my boss knew I allowed people to play music and such at the office. What he believed was that Spotify is a HUGE security risk, leaving holes in our firewall through which everything from viruses to malware could come through. My boss was unhappy that I would allow such a threat to exist in our system and ordered me to close it up.

I called my boss. When I asked who told him these incorrect things about Spotify, he replied,  Oh, Jack did, of course.  

I explained that Spotify was not a threat and that Jack was simply mistaken. Jack, however, was on the other end of the line, in my boss's office on speakerphone, and interjected,  Dude, it’s alright if you didn’t know about the security issue. But don’t try and make me look bad for your mistake.  

I'm stunned as my boss hangs up the phone after demanding I fix it.