You won't believe the chaos that unfolded! The email was pretty self-explanatory. Due to recent reports of alleged security problems by an intern, I have had to temporarily block access to Spotify. I apologize for the inconvenience. It got around relatively quickly that Jack was the one responsible. Two of the interns quit. They stopped playing music out loud. None of them talked to Jack. He wasn't in the intern room for very long anyway. About a week after his hire, Boss's wife decided to let Jack just use her office while she wasn't there, presumably because he complained about how the interns were all being so very mean to him. 

I got an email from Jack. I'm having issues accessing Buzzfeed. I didn't even move from my chair, emailing back a simple reply: Due to management concerns, Buzzfeed is not allowed per our firewall settings. His email was immediate. Please, I just want to check some things while I'm on lunch. I replied back a simple no and went about my day. And that was the last I ever heard from Jack. I'm kidding. Of course, it wasn't.

Someone had opened my desk. See, I have a laptop in my desk. The laptop is set up to bypass the firewall if we need it, like if we need to find a business by looking them up on Facebook or read a news article on a usually blocked news site. It's common knowledge I have it. Someone had unlocked my desk and taken the laptop. I stormed down to the office manager's desk. She and I have the only two keys to my desk. I told her that my desk had been opened and that a company laptop was missing. 

 Oh,  she said, confused.  Boss came down here and needed the key to your desk.  

 Boss?  I was taken aback.  I... alright.  Maybe Boss needed the laptop for something, I told myself. But that didn't stop me from going straight to Boss's wife's office. There, sitting at the polished hardwood desk, sat Jack, with my laptop and my desk key next to it. 

I approached.  Jack, I need you to give me that back.  Jack shook his head.  I got approval from Boss. The computer in here was acting funny, so I asked if I could use your spare laptop and he said yes.  I was completely stunned.  So you asked Boss to get you the key to my desk,  I picked the desk key up and put it in my pocket,  then take my laptop, and use it for...  I looked over the screen. Two windows docked side by side: Facebook and Cheezburger.  ...this?  

He shifted the laptop so I couldn't see the screen and cleared his throat like I was intruding on his private data.  Thanks. You can go now.  

 You can go now. You. Can. Go. Now.  Nope. Nope, nope, nope. This doesn't work like this, man. I felt like I wanted to just slap the child sitting in front of me, but I steadied my hand and took a breath. The only laptop with unrestricted internet access was in the hand of a spoiled intern. The only laptop with unrestricted access. 

I smiled at Jack.  Alright, no problem. Have a good day.  I walked out of the office. 

I had a plan. Jack was going down.