You won't believe what happened next! Part dude, your self-control must be like Gandhi. My friend Steve, who works for one of my company's clients, heard me ranting about Jack while we had coffee. I shook my head, knowing what I was thinking. But what am I going to do? Slap him? Get myself fired? Sounds like it’d be worth it. I sighed and took a steadying sip of my coffee. I have a plan, though, but I need your help. 

He perked up and then scowled. My help? Oh no! I don’t like this guy much, but I’ll put the whole story on Reddit if you help me. He thought about it. Alright, but on one condition: you tell everyone that I am the hero that made your evil plan possible. 

And so, for the record, Steve became the hero who made my evil plan possible. One day, I got a call from my boss. Clickity, I just got a call from Jack. Of course you did. What seems to be the problem, boss? He says you’ve made his new computer not work. 

I blinked, staring at the speakerphone. His new computer? You mean our unrestricted computer that he's using? Yes, yes, that one. I could almost see Boss lean in to the speakerphone. I don’t know what your problem is, Clickity, but Jack complains that you’re preventing him from working. So I need you to fix his computer now. Click. 

As if on cue, Jack appeared at my doorway with the laptop. So, I need you to undo whatever you did. He opened the laptop and placed it in front of me, as if to say, you know… regardless of whatever you were doing ten seconds ago. I seethed, pulling out a USB drive and plugging it into the laptop. I grumbled wordlessly as I clicked a few buttons on the laptop and then a few on my computer. I unplugged the USB drive and closed the laptop. There. Have a nice day. 

Jack picked up the laptop and turned for the door. You better not screw with me again. As soon as he was gone, I smashed my pencil sharpener with my fist. 

One day, it was the perfect day. Boss's wife was in the office, so Jack was sharing her desk and, from the looks of my remote viewer, doing absolutely nothing at all. I sent out an email: 

To: Intern email company 
From: clickity company 
Subject: Intern Appreciation Day 

Hiya interns! I just cleared this with the office manager. For your hard work, I'm treating you guys to lunch. Go see the office manager and pick up a gift card from the local pub and burger joint, and have a great day. Thanks for your hard work. 

A few minutes later, the phone rang. Boss's wife's office. 

IT, this is Clickity. 

This is Jack. I just saw all the interns walk out... what’s going on? 

Oh, it’s intern appreciation day. Didn’t you get the email I sent it to the... oh. I sighed. I completely forgot to send it to your email because it’s separate. Yeah, all the interns are getting lunch. 

Thanks for letting me know, Jack said with an audible edge to his voice. If I hadn’t called you, you wouldn’t have told me at all, would you— He was cut off by a disapproving tsk from Boss's wife. 

I cleared my throat and ignored Jack's I-Own-You attitude. Go quick, and you can still catch them— 

Fine. Jack hung up the phone. 

I took a few reassuring breaths and texted Steve.