This story will leave you speechless! This happened a while back, but it's still the best thing that ever happened to me at work. True story. I was hired by a big defense company with over 1,000 employees. You can imagine this was a very big company. We were in a building, and if you needed to go somewhere quick, you took a bike or an electric car. I usually did second-line support, but they had a couple of people call in sick and asked me to do first-line support. It was a Friday, and not much was happening, besides the usual email problems and tech guys turning off Unix machines that needed a check disk command with admin rights.

Then the phone rang. 

 Yes, hello, this is the secretary of the CEO. We need you to come over NOW. We have a big problem.  

 What seems to be wrong?  

 Mr. CEO is trying to open a file in Word, but every time he does this, scrambled text is showing up. I think we are being hacked.  

This was a big issue since a couple of weeks before this, a group of activists broke into the company and climbed on top of our radar tower. 

 I'll take a look from here and take over your screen. Hang on. 

So I took over his screen and this is what happened: 

 File, open: JKAHSFHJKHJHJJJJJJFJJJJJSAKKKALALLLALLALLALALLALUUUJJJDKJKJASLKLKSSSSSSSSSSSSSS. 

 I don’t know what this is. You see, this is so weird...  

Now, I knew what was wrong at that moment, but I wanted to see in person. You don’t just walk into the exec office every day. 

 Uh-huh. I'll be there as soon as possible. 

So I grabbed this electric car, drove over, and minutes later, I walked into the executive building. A very nice building, totally different from the rest of the offices. They even had their own dining room and bar. The security guy saw me coming and waved me through; he was informed of my arrival and understood the importance. 

I got out of the elevator at the top floor and was greeted by the secretary, a manager, and some other assistants, all a bit panicked. 

 Come over, have a look at this,  the CEO said. 

He showed me: 

 File, open: JKAHSFHJKHJHJJJJJJFJJJJJSAKKKALALLLALLALLALALLALUUUJJJDKJKJASLKLKSSSSSSSSSSSSSS.  

So I looked at him. I looked at every single person in that room. You could feel the suspense. I looked back at the computer, picked up the newspaper that was on top of the keyboard, and asked, “Try again, please.” 

The looks on their faces: priceless. 

I got a free lunch with the CEO.