What happens when a company party spirals out of control? You won’t believe the chaos that follows! 

You don’t do any work on Friday in IT. If it goes wrong, you'll be there all weekend fixing it. So, in the spirit of being careful, Friday afternoon drinks were a tradition. At 5 PM Friday, it was beer o'clock, and as the only person not excited by Crown Lager, responsibility for arranging the drinks fell to me. No big deal, right? Except that this was the day I finally got an unlimited account with the local liquor store that would be billed to the company automatically. I wasn't going to waste it. I did not waste it. Our small company got rip-roaringly drunk—like arrested for being outside in this state drunk. There were Jack Daniels cans stacked to the ceiling. Chips had fallen liberally to the floor. Someone couldn’t find a bin and filed a chicken wing in the file cabinet under C for chicken. It was one of those drinking sessions where everyone is just a total mess. 

Around 10 PM, after five solid hours of partying, we broke off and headed into the night. I wandered down to a nearby bar and watched some bands play for an hour, downed another jug of beer, and smiled to myself that the week had ended. Fate, it seems, is not without a sense of irony. My phone buzzed in my pocket. I ran outside, tripping up the stairs as I went, managed to steady myself against a signpost, and answered. It was the CEO. 

Both the primary and secondary route servers were down. I stood frozen in time for an instant, the same way a deer looks at the headlights of an oncoming car, and then asked him to repeat himself. The CEO said,  Yes! Both the route servers are down! The entire state is offline! Get in there now! Fix it! Do whatever it takes!  I cannot stress enough that these two servers were the most important thing our company had. They, in and of themselves, were the primary thing around which our business existed, and all other things were secondary to them. My state was by far the biggest, with some of the largest ISPs and content providers in the country attached. 

And this was the first full network outage we'd ever had. And it was my problem. And I'd consumed enough alcohol that my blood could have been used as a fire accelerant. I yelled something and ran off in the direction of work. It was only when I bumped into the glass front doors before they opened that I started to realize how drunk I was. When the elevator arrived at my floor, and I bumped into both sides of the hallway before making it to the door, I knew I was in trouble. That hallway was only 15 feet long. But it didn't matter. My wallet hit the card reader. I’d made it.

Habits are a funny thing. You get so used to the noises, clicks, beeps, and responses that you realize something's wrong in an instant. There was no response from the card reader. An error—surely interference, something new in my wallet. I dug the card out, throwing my wallet on the ground, and badged it on its own. Nothing. Not an Access Denied six beeps or a Card Format Unrecognized five beeps. Nothing. The lights were on, but no one was home. A few feet away, the keypad for the alarm was lit up like a headlight convention. All the lights were on, the screen totally blacked out. No beeps for key presses. Just… nothing. 

The blood drained from my face. The route servers were inside, suffering some unknown fate, our customers probably getting more furious by the minute, and I could not open the door. Again. No, sod it. I wasn't taking any more of this security systems crap. I was getting into this datacenter, security system be damned. You all know what I’d tried before, and I knew as well, so I didn’t bother trying again. My tools, once again, were behind the locked door, and then the light went on over my head. 

I can’t go through the door. I can’t go around the door. I can’t go under it… but can I go over it? This is the logic of a drunk engineer. There was a chair that we left outside for people working outside the datacenter, so in my infinite wisdom, I dragged the chair over to the wall and lifted a ceiling tile. Unlike the datacenter, where the ceiling tiles were weighed down with hundreds of heavy cables, the office was free and clear. And the wall itself stopped at the ceiling. So, pushing the tile into the cavity between the suspended ceiling and the concrete, I hoisted myself up into the ceiling. 

This did not work as well as I'd hoped because I was not very strong. I kicked and 