off the wall, scrambling to push myself up onto what I now realized was a very thin wall. For those not familiar with a suspended ceiling, metal rods are drilled into the concrete block above, and a grid pattern hangs below it. Inside those grids are weak, light tiles basically made of a combination of cardboard and plaster. Looking at the predicament I’d gotten myself into, it became apparent that the only things that were going to support my weight up here were the tie rods into the concrete. 

So I’d hold onto the rods with my hands and lying prone in the ceiling, distribute the rest of my weight along the horizontal connectors. I’d drop down onto the file cabinet at the far end of the room, about 20 feet away. This plan was flawless. And it worked for about 10 of the required 20 feet, upon which point my hands slipped, and I fell through the center of the ceiling tile towards the floor below. By some insane miracle, I landed mostly on my feet, scrambling ungracefully to regain balance, coughing up ceiling tile dust and God knows what else. Probably asbestos. 

When the coughing stopped, I ran over to the security panel, pulled the power, and plugged it back in. It beeped a single happy POST beep and hummed to life, making normal sounds instead of the endless buzzing it had been making before. My access restored, I quickly found the problem—a circuit breaker had tripped, and due to a wiring error on the part of an electrician at some point, both route servers had been wired into the same circuit, rather than the different feeds on different UPSs via different distribution boards that they were supposed to. 

With a dustpan and brush, I set about cleaning up the nightmare my dramatic entrance had caused. It was not a small mess—ceiling tiles are about 2 feet by 2 feet, and this one had exploded. It took about an hour. After finally sweeping up all the mess, putting the ceiling tile I’d broken to get up there back together, and replacing the one I’d broken getting down, I walked out the door, feeling smug that no one would be the wiser for my ceiling entrance, and I’d have a grand story to tell. 

Monday morning rolled around, and I was the last one in. Aaron stared at me.  What the hell did you do to my desk?  I walked into the office and stared in horror. I don’t know what the hell I’d cleaned up, but it looked like someone had hit a bag of flour with a baseball bat. It was everywhere. How wasted was I? What did I spend an hour cleaning? And how in almighty crap did I diagnose an electrical circuit being miswired and split with no electrician tools of any kind? I have no idea. But what I did know was how to break in. So I documented the procedure and added it to the Tech Support Wiki.