In a shocking turn of events, my career hung by a thread. In case you didn't see the edit on the other post, it was suggested I post a standalone update. My boss spoke with upper management yesterday, and when I came into the office today, I was immediately escorted to the board room by two security guards. The President, CFO, Chairman of the Board, lawyer from the company, our IT firm's lawyer, and my boss were all at the table. I found out my boss had threatened to file a criminal suit as a result of T.H.'s behavior on my behalf. It was explained to my boss and me that T.H., while an obvious problem, is a high-earner for the company, and they would not fire her. 

However, it was discovered through an internal investigation that she had, in fact, accessed the numbers of all the techs from the CFO's Blackberry. We don't know how she got into the Blackberry, but what we do know is that the CFO left his Blackberry unattended, which is a serious security compromise and also a violation of the contract between the company and my IT firm. Strong words were exchanged between the company's officials and my boss. The lawyers agreed that it was a serious breach of contract, leaving any data available to unauthorized users, and it was made clear that the contract in place would be terminated at the end of the meeting. 

It was later explained to me that, given the nature of the breach, we'd basically have an all-hands-on-deck situation where every available tech would report to the company and start pulling servers, switches, and any other leased equipment. Estimated time of dismantlement was about two and a half hours. There was also mention of using wood chippers for hard drives. I don't know if this was literal or a figure of speech. 

For the next two hours, I was not allowed to leave the room. My boss, his lawyer, and the company renegotiated the contract on the spot. A price hike, increased security improvements, and a couple of other things that went right over my head were discussed. The lawyer pointed out that I was still well within my rights to seek legal action and asked if I would be. I asked what my options were. Before he even got it out of his mouth, the company started talking about a settlement to keep me from going any further.

Without going into too many specifics, a check was cut and immediately cashed. The Harpy was put on actual probation, my boss gave me the rest of the week off billed to the company, so I can have an actual vacation, and I will no longer provide any services at the company. Not the outcome I expected at all.