This shocking tale of survival will leave you breathless. This story is pretty much almost four years old, but I want to vent it out; it's been causing me grief, and I just need to share it to finally feel calm. As you may remember, I live in Mexico, and things are not exactly pretty. Thankfully, I know how to watch my back and don't make enemies, but sometimes, destiny catches up with you. 

I had finished my training and got a certificate that allowed me to work in a computer store and repair computers. I arrived early; everything was normal until 3 PM. A guy came in, wanting his HDD wiped clean and a brand new copy of Windows. I didn't ask many questions; I just took it to the back and started working on it, giving the case a nice cleaning and removing the dust. I booted it up, and then the manure hit the fan. 

I heard from the front how the glass broke, and people started yelling at my boss and the man to get down, along with lots of insults directed at the client. Before I could react, someone came to where I was, pointing an AK rifle variant at me. I jumped to the floor, eating dirt and holding my hands on the back of my neck, avoiding any eye contact. 

Guy: What did you do to that computer? 
Me: Nothing, I didn't get to touch it; I was just cleaning it. 
Guy: Lies! 
Me: Check it yourself; everything is intact. 

I could feel the barrel pointed against me. I heard someone else come in and take the PC away. It felt like hours until they decided to retreat and run away. Once I recovered from the shock, I stood up and headed to the front. My boss was on the phone, crying hysterically. I didn't even hear the police sirens, then I noticed the client was missing. 

I was not allowed to see the security footage, but the client was taken away; he was identified as a cartel member, and his body was discovered hours later. If it wasn't for the money, I would have quit immediately. Thankfully, avoiding eye contact probably saved my life. 

I see many people doubt it; that's fine with me, but I'm going to clarify a few things. Everyone speaks in Spanish; I simply translated it into Spanglish for style. I live in a dangerous city, hence why I watch my back. I never learned what was in that HDD; I'm better off not knowing.