Last night, a shocking series of events unfolded that no client expects when upgrading software. I did a scheduled upgrade of QuickBooks for a client: server, desktops, databases. It went well. As usual with an upgrade like this, I'm scheduled to be on-site the next day for a couple of hours to help out and answer questions about the new version. In this case, I was scheduled for Monday morning since, like most offices, they're closed over the weekends. 

My cell phone rang this morning at 8:00 AM. I didn't recognize the number, so I ignored it. They then proceeded to call back continuously for the next ten minutes, never leaving a message until the last call. I listened to the message - it was from a staff member at the client where I upgraded QuickBooks, irate as hell, yelling,  QuickBooks is broken! I can’t do my job! This is going to cost the company tens of thousands of dollars! You better damn well get this fixed. Get over here! Call me back immediately!  

So, I remote logged into the remote desktop server, verified that all was well, took a deep breath, and called her back. She proceeded to berate me until she ran out of breath, never telling me what the problem was but instead focusing on how her inability to enter some transactions she didn't get to on Friday was going to cause chaos. After several minutes, I finally got her to tell me what problem she was having when she ran the program. 

 It won't start!  

 Does it give you an error message when you try to start it? What do you see?  

 I can't run it! There’s no icon on the desktop! You need to get out here and fix this now! You’re killing the company!  

I remote into her system. The icon is there, in the exact same place as it was before, but it's a different icon. Still titled  QuickBooks,  of course, but it's a different color. I told her to watch the screen, double click it, and of course, QuickBooks came right up. 

I reminded her that this is a new version and that some commands and screens would look a bit different. She accused me of messing with it just to make things more difficult for her. I told her that’s not the case, asked her if there’s anything else I can do to assist. A couple more ugly comments from her, and we ended the call. 

My phone system sends me voicemails as emails with MP3 attachments. I forwarded the email to the owner of the company and told him I expect to be treated more professionally in the future. Frankly, I hope it costs her her job. 

Screw this and to hell with people like this. 

Monday update: I went into the client's office this morning to assist with any issues they might have with the new version of QuickBooks, but there were none to speak of. The complainer stayed out of my way, literally leaving her desk while I was in the vicinity. As I was getting ready to leave, the owner of the firm called me into his office and apologized for her voicemail tirade, saying he’d have a talk with her. I was cordial, told him no need to, and didn't bring up her behavior when I was trying to help her. 

As I left, he had her in his office, playing back the voicemail. About a half hour later, she called and apologized, sounding very beaten down; it was clear he had given her a major tongue-lashing. Her apology was about as enthusiastic as that of a six-year-old caught stealing cookies, but I took the high road, thanked her, and told her I’d be happy to help her in the future. I didn’t say any of the many things I would have liked to because reaming her out is not worth pissing off the guy who writes the checks. 

Pretty much what I expected to happen. The owner is a solid guy and has been a client for over ten years.