to the supervisor that those people in engineering said they won't fix the broken showers, and the supervisor immediately went to find backup and grabbed the lieutenant. By the way, we're all grinning at him; the supervisor knows he is in for the reprimanding of his life. 

The lieutenant, however, looks to the low-ranking punk for an explanation. The little punk puffs up, very pleased to have the floor and an audience to boot. At least two Very Important Officers get to hear his reasoning for calling down to the tech line. I sit there wishing popcorn was allowed in DCC. 

 Well, the hot water heater in the head can't keep up with the entire division when we all shower in the morning.  
 Does it put out hot water at all?  
 Well, yeah. When we all get up, it works just fine. But as everyone takes their showers, it gets colder and colder.  
 Does it ever go completely cold?  
 No, but with a bigger heater, we could all take as long of showers as we wanted without it running out.  
 The showers should be limited to five minutes; you're wasting water.  
 Well, yeah, morning showers are pretty short. Who wants to wake up early and shower? But when I take my second, longer shower in the evening to relax after a long day of working...  

Some tiny sense of self-preservation kicks in, and the low-ranking punk shuts up and looks around. He is in a room full of people who play the food, shower, sleep-pick game on a daily basis. Every single person in this room, including his backup, is staring at him with either full derision or outright hostility. Except the engineer. She's still smiling her blank, polite, defeated smile. I may be in love. 

 Sir, you can see why I denied his request. Supervisor, you may want to remind your guys that, despite being surrounded with water, there is a limit on how much fresh water we can make in a day and that long showers should be saved for in port. Was there anything else I can help you all with?  

 No, I think I've heard enough. You two, my office. Now.  

They leave. The supervisor looks close to tears or shoving the low-ranking punk out a porthole. The lieutenant is full of now-justified wrath. The low-ranking punk still looks vaguely bemused as to why his excellent argument didn't sway us all to his side. 

The door shuts. All of us immediately put our heads on our desks and cry with laughter. Someone hands the engineer an IOU for drinks at the next port. The engineer’s supervisor drafts an email to the ship's mid-tier leadership that not waking up early enough to get a hot shower is not a reason to request a new hot water heater and that water on board is limited. No details are provided, and everyone eagerly looks forward to the rumor mill as people try to figure out what spawned that particular reminder. 

The engines turn. The ship chugs on.