This story is a jaw-dropping glimpse into the chaotic life on a military warship. Greetings, all. This one is from way back when, about six years ago now, when I was in an entirely different career and halfway around the world. No salad dressing this time, and I'm sure you're all disappointed. On a certain class of military warship, there is a place. The bridge may be in control of where the ship goes, but Damage Control Central is in charge of how fast it is getting there and whether or not it arrives in one piece. It's run by a high-ranking officer from Reactor Department and his two cronies, one that monitors the ship's water usage and one that monitors the ship's electrical usage. These three people can bring tons of steel and sadness to a halt. Behind them are a small pile of engineering folk, literally the ship's tech support branch. 

People could call DCC and report a problem, from an out light to a fire, and between all of us in there, we had the knowledge, skill, authority, and political clout to get a response team out. A lot of people didn't know what kind of authority DCC held or exactly who they were talking to when they called down. This made for some very entertaining conversations. One evening, the engineering folk get a call. One female sailor picks it up and naturally, we all listen in because if it's a fire or something, we all need to respond as rapidly as possible. From our point of view, this is how the conversation goes: 

 Damage Control Central, Engineering speaking.  
 The heater doesn't work.  
 Oh yeah, that's normal.  
 No, we can't turn it up.  
 What? No, we can't replace it; we're in the middle of the Persian Gulf. Where are we going to get another one?  
 Look, it works fine. Take shorter showers.  
 Your division can put in a request for a bigger one when we get back to home port, but you're not getting one now.  
 Yeah, no, I'm not ordering one. Replacing those things is beyond the scope of what we're allowed to do underway.  
 Because of policy.  
 Okay. You do that. We'll be waiting. Make sure you request permission to enter.  

With that, she hangs up. Naturally, we're all staring. She grins at us.  Game faces on, this one is gonna be good. Sir, I am sorry in advance.  
 You kidding? This is what makes watch worthwhile.  

We sit back and put on our best  I hate everything  faces and wait. Not fifteen minutes later, the door thuds open. In walks, with permission, the hero of this little story, a very low-ranking punk who thinks he's hot stuff because he does maintenance on airplanes instead of steam pipes. With him is his immediate supervisor, a gentleman of my rank, and their divisional officer, a young lieutenant. The lieutenant is all fired up because how dare Engineering not fix his guys' problem, and he makes a beeline for the engineering folk. 

This path will, briefly, place him between Reactor Department and a panel that, by the order of people with ranks I could never hope to achieve in my life, Reactor Department is not allowed to be obscured from. They have to be able to see it at all times. I wait until the merry little band is almost in front of Reactor Department before I speak up.  Sir, please go around; Reactor Department needs to be able to see that panel.  

 I will walk where I damn well please...  He stops. Because someone of approximately double his rank, four times his time in service, and significantly crankier is staring him down. All of the fire leaves the lieutenant in an instant. When high-ranking people get fired up, it's usually for a good reason. When baby lieutenants get fired up, everyone in their general vicinity is stupider for witnessing their temper tantrum. Baby lieutenants get much more done when they’re calm. 

The supervisor realizes that a Commander is sitting there and nearly panics. The low-ranking punk is completely oblivious. They walk back around our desks, not nearly as grudgingly as they could have, and take the slightly longer route to the engineering folk. Who are having the time of their lives because this circus is well underway, and they haven't had to even do anything yet. The engineer spins around, her hands on the arms of her chair, a very pleasant, blank smile on her face. 

 Are you the one that won't fix my guys' showers?  
 The showers aren't broken, sir. Did he tell you what his complaint was?  

The supervisor nearly cringes out of his skin. Because, no, obviously what happened is that the low-ranking punk went and co