You'll never believe what happened during my internship as an IT Admin! So, to give you some context, I was a student back then and during the summer I managed to get an internship as an IT Admin. The work was quite nice; I was doing helpdesk tasks but also involved with servers and SAP deployment. Anyway, supporting users was one of my tasks. The company was from the automotive sector, focusing on airbags and seatbelts, and I was working in a production plant connected to the offices, so I had to support both facilities.

One time, I received a call that was unusual, as we always reminded users to write tickets, which were responded to in real-time, so it took a maximum of a few minutes before I contacted the incident submitter. The call went something like this:  For goodness' sake, what are you doing with the scanners? The whole line has stopped, and we are completely blocked now; we can't do anything without them. They're not working and showing errors!  There were even more expletives from a year-old lady, the production leader, who looked quite distressed.

The line was about a ten-minute walk from my office, so I stayed on the phone while I was walking there. I said,  Okay, tell me what is going on. Calm down.  She shouted,  YOU ARE MESSING WITH THE SYSTEMS AGAIN! YOU SHOULD ALL BE FIRED! GOD DAMMIT, I AM WRITING TO YOUR MANAGER AS SOON AS IT IS FIXED!  I responded,  Please calm down; we have not been doing anything with this since January,  as it was now August.

She replied,  YEAH SURE, YOU NEVER ADMIT TO A MISTAKE!  At this point, I was already thinking about different ways to handle the situation, but I still played it cool. I finally arrived at the line and asked her to hand me a scanner. All the people from the production line were standing there with crossed arms, looking at me as if to say,  Here you go, you messed up, so fix it.  The leader said something like,  Oh, here you are, now make it work. 

Basically, the scanner was just a simple device, like a Windows PDA with a scanning module. All she had to do was power it up, type in the username and password, and it would be ready to go; it was all about scanning the barcodes of airbag parts. So, I took the scanner and looked at the screen, then looked back at her. I asked,  Were you asked to change the password recently?  She snapped,  YES! WHAT KIND OF QUESTION IS THAT? WE DON’T HAVE TIME FOR SUCH NONSENSE!  I pointed out,  Because the screen says that you have typed the wrong password three times, and you are always reminded that after this, the scanner blocks for five minutes. And by the way, you have backup scanners, so why didn’t you use them? You messed up, not me. It’s also not okay to talk like that to any employee of the company, so I will surely report it to your manager—we have call recording enabled on our mobiles. 

She mumbled, and I dismissed her with a  Yea, bye.  I later told the story to her manager, and she officially apologized to the entire IT team, brought some cheap cookies from the store, and pretended to be sorry. Still, IT was the most hated group in the company, but I guess that's just the way things are. 

I expected a few upvotes at most, but I see it exploded a bit over my expectations, and it's not even the best of my stories!