You won't believe the chaos that unfolds in a simple IT support call! 

Hello, IT. Hi, I am still off sick but I am not. Oh, did you mean to call HR or is there an IT issue? It's an IT issue. I am back at work now, but I am still sick. I don't understand the issue. I have tried to log into the HR system, but it has me listed as off sick. Ah, I see, you need to add an end date to your sickness. But I am back now. That's okay, you need to fill in the date field with when you came back. I am back now. 

Okay, did you start back at work today? Yes, I am back now. Do you have the HR system open in front of you? Yes. Can you see the field for the date returned to work? Yes. Click the little calendar icon and select the date you returned. But I am back now. 

Are you really? I am pretty sure you've left your brain cell at home. So, select today's date from the calendar that pops up. Why? So that the HR system knows that you're back at work and not still off sick. But I am back now. Are you a rubbish chatbot sent to test me? You need to tell the HR system when you came back so it unlocks your profile. Can't it tell? How would it tell? 

Well, I am in the building and logged into my computer. Is that not enough? The systems aren't linked in that way. People come into work all the time when off on holiday or sick to drop things off or collect things. If the system logged that as a day in work, then holiday and sick pay would be all messed up. We also have a number of remote users who are never in the office. 

So how do I sort this out? Are you kidding me? Fill in the date field. I need to get out of this call. Can I remote onto your system and help you sort it? Would you mind? It might be easier. 

Okay, I am on, and I'll just add today's date in here, and we're all set. So I am back now? Yes, you're no longer being shown as off sick. Can you reset my password while I've got you on? Please, please, please, IT gods, don't do this to me. What's wrong with your password? Nothing, but I got the about to expire message when I logged in, and I want you to reset it for me. 

You can change your password yourself by clicking the change password link when you see that screen or wait for it to expire, and you'll be forced to do it when you next log in. I don't want to change my password. You did this to me. You have to change your password every 30 days. Can't you just give me another 30 days? The policy of changing it is for security. 

My password is very secure. Okay, Usr, I want to play a game. Okay, what's your current password? It's actually quite a secure password. Okay, now that you have told me your password, it is no longer secure, and I must insist you change it immediately. You work in IT; you knew my password anyway. No, all passwords are secure. I can reset passwords, but I cannot look at them. As I am still connected to you, I will help you change it now. 

Proceed to open the password change menu for the user. User fills in the fields and gets an error saying that the new password is a previously used password and thus can't be allowed. It won't let me change it. You didn't change it; you just typed it in again. I don't want to change my password. You have to. It is company policy. Passwords are hard to remember. Just pick a couple of random words and then add a number and a symbol. 

What do you mean? Like DeskMugPhonePencil? Just pick a few things you can see from your desk and ta-da! Easy to remember. User's new password is going to be DeskMugPhonePencil. Okay, that's done then. 

Okay, enter the details on screen then. New password accepted. Thank you! That's all sorted for you then. Great. I'll disconnect the remote connection. Freedom! 

I just thought. Oh no! I have been back since last Thursday, so will that all be right? You watched me fill in your return date as today because you said it was today. I am back today, but I came back last week. Go in the HR system and change the return date to last Thursday. How do I do that? Screw you, IT gods! I'll remote back in and sort it.