Prepare to be amazed by the sheer level of confusion that can occur when an IT support call goes completely off the rails. 

As some of you will know, I work an out-of-hours service desk that provides general IT support to several different businesses when their normal IT staff have gone home. These businesses are often hundreds of miles away, and my access to their internal systems is usually anywhere from extremely limited to nonexistent. 

This is a gem of a call that I received, and typical of the level of stupidity we have to deal with. 

Me: Service Desk— 

Caller: I can't get into the building, open the door. 

Me: I'm sorry, you're calling the IT emergency line. I can't open a door for you; I'm based miles away. 

Caller: So you can't help me? Why can't you help me? 

Me: Ma'am, this is an IT emergency line for reporting major system failures or general out-of-hours IT support. As I've said, I'm not based on site, so I can't open a door for you. This was the building, correct? 

Caller: Yes, the building. 

Me: Okay, well the building closes at 5 PM, it's now 7 PM. That'll be why it's locked. 

Caller: But I'm hosting an important conference call in the meeting room. 

Me: Have you arranged this with management? 

Caller: No. 

Me: Well, Ma'am, if there was no prior arrangement with management, the building will have been locked down by security as normal because nobody knew you wanted to use the meeting room after hours. 

Caller: Why won't you just open the door? Are you stupid? 

Me: I'm not based on site, as I've already said multiple times. I'm unable to physically open a door miles away for you. You'll need to speak to your management team for further assistance, as this isn't an IT issue and we currently have another caller waiting, so I'm afraid I'll have to end this call. 

Caller: How dare you! You're going to hang up on me. Are you stupid? I'm reporting you to someone I've never heard of. 

Me: Okay, Ma'am, as I've said, this isn't an IT emergency. You're absolutely free to speak to someone I've never heard of; however, I'm ending this call now as it's not IT related, and we have other people in the queue who need assistance. Goodbye. 

Caller: You— 

Me: click. 

For those wondering, this particular business has not provided us with any escalation contacts for their security team. If it’s not IT related, we’re totally free to drop that call and move on, especially if we have other callers queuing. 

Edit: Wow, RIP inbox! This post really blew up. Glad you liked it! It even featured on TFTS Quote of the Day. Thanks a lot, everyone!