to speak to no one but me, even though he'd been told many times that I was now a manager and didn't take direct calls. This particular day I was in and out of meetings about another customer who was legitimately having serious issues, and I couldn't make time for Vladimir. There were times when the operator literally couldn't find me because I was bouncing between conference rooms and upper management offices. At one point, the operator (now a different woman from earlier in this post) came and found me physically. She was crying. She told me about how upset Vladimir was and how he was demanding to speak to me and wouldn't let her pass him to anyone else on the team, and she didn't know what to do.

I was livid. I still didn't have time to call him back because that other customer's issue was far from over and there were political ramifications I had to juggle, but I took a few minutes to write Vladimir a scathing email. I told him that it was not the operator's fault that I wasn't available, shouting at her wouldn't make me come to the phone any faster, and that he was sabotaging his own attempts to get a solution by refusing to speak with the available qualified techs who were happy to help him with his issue. I made sure he knew the operator's name and that he had made her cry. Then I went back to trying to keep my other customer from hemorrhaging blood. 

Not long after I sent that email, the operator found me again and told me that this had happened... 

Operator: Thank you for calling the company, how may I direct your call? 
Vladimir: Is this the operator's name? 
Operator: (recognizes his voice, tenses up) Yes, it is. 
Vladimir: This is Vladimir. I just wanted to apologize. I did not mean to yell at you. That was completely unacceptable of me. 
Operator: Wow... t-thank you! That means a lot to me. Pause. Do you want to talk to tech support? 
Vladimir: No, thanks, I just called to apologize. Have a nice day. Click.

That was one of my proudest moments as a manager, making Vladimir call back just to apologize. He still calls us up every once in a while. I haven't talked to him in years. He's found another favorite, but every once in a while he still tells her about the way Merkuri used to do things and tells her to go ask me for answers. He still lies to her. Sometimes she comes to me and says: 

Tech: Vladimir says the last time this happened you told him to do this. 
Me: I absolutely did not. 
Tech: I figured.

And sometimes I still hear from someone else's cube... 

Vladimir... Vladimir... VLADIMIR! Listen to me...