The moment I answered the call from the infamous Vladimir, I knew I was stepping into a battle zone. When I started working for my current company, there was a customer who was already notorious. He was one of those people known only by his first name. Everyone knew exactly who you were talking about when you said you had to take a call from Vladimir. They tried to protect me, as the newbie, from Vladimir as long as possible, but one day, when I had been at the company for maybe six months, it just couldn't be avoided. No one else was available but me, and he was in a royal fury. 

The operator called me up, apologized to me (even she knew who he was), and told me that she had no one else to take him. I reluctantly agreed to take the call. Unbeknownst to me at the time, this is the exchange the operator had with him immediately before she passed him to me. 

Operator: I'm going to pass you to Merkuri. She's new. 
Vladimir: (shouts) I don't want somebody new! I want somebody who knows something! 
Operator: (shouts back) She knows a lot, Vladimir! 

Vladimir's no Bob. He's a fairly intelligent guy, but he gets frustrated super quick and has a very hot temper. I swear, sometimes when he calls us, he doesn't want his issue to be fixed; he just wants to let us know the torture our product is putting him through. He calls us to be a martyr on the line and shout at us about how terrible the product is. And my first call with him was one of those. 

Luckily, the operator was right. I knew a lot. I had picked up on our products super quick, and the issue he called me about was a piece of cake. The hard part was getting him to shut up long enough to tell him the solution to his issue. I managed to calm him down and fix his problem, and not long after that, I had become his favorite tech. It had very quickly gone from,  I don't want to talk to her,  to  Get me Merkuri! I need to speak to Merkuri! Nobody else can solve my problems!  

I learned to read his moods like a medium reading tea leaves. Sometimes it was best to meet his fire with the cool exterior of a nurse at a mental hospital explaining why we don't hit other patients, and other times I could only get his attention by spitting flames back in his face. 

Other techs could always tell when I was talking to Vladimir because they'd hear a one-sided conversation that went something like this: 

Me: Vladimir. Pause. Vladimir. Pause. Vladimir. Pause. Vladimir. Pause. VLADIMIR! Pause. You know I'm trying to help you, right? Do you want me to get this working for you, or not? Pause. Okay, then let me explain what's happening here... 

Many times in my career, I've compared what I do to the TV show House. Tech support is a lot like diagnosing a patient. I frequently tell my techs,  Customers lie,  (playing on House's  Patients lie ) and every time I say it, I'm thinking of Vladimir. This is why I swear sometimes he'd call up just to try to prove to me that our product is crap because he'd frequently lie to me about what did and didn't work. He'd tell me whatever would mean he needed to be in a panicked state, up against a deadline that he could not possibly meet, all because our products suck. 

One time he called me up with an issue where I knew exactly what it was. I had just solved it for another customer the day before. We were on a remote meeting and I could see his screen. 

Vladimir: I tried everything and nothing works. 
Me: Oh, I know what this is. You need to do the solution. 
Vladimir: I told you! I tried that and it didn't work! 
Me: (thinks) That's impossible, it has to work when you do that. 
Me: What exactly did you do? 
Vladimir: I did exactly what I told him and it didn't work! Nothing works! I told you! 
Me: Can you do it again so I can see the steps you took? 
Vladimir: I TOLD YOU I DID the solution AND IT DIDN'T WORK! 
Me: Vladimir, calm down. Can you do it one more time? Do it for me! 
Vladimir: (calmer) Fine. I'll do it again for you. See, I do this, and I click here, and I don't see-- oh, it's working this time! You're the best! I always know when I call you up that you'll fix it for me.

A few years later, Vladimir's favorite support grunt (me) was promoted to manager. I was a working manager for a while, trying to manage my team and take calls at the same time, but that proved to not be very efficient. After years of that, I reduced the calls I directly took down to almost nothing. Vladimir was not pleased. 

One day he was having a hissy fit and was d