You won't believe the chaos that unfolded over a simple donation! I owned a computer shop. We donated to a local county nature center by installing a network in the campus, which consisted of several one-story buildings elevated a few feet above the ground on pilings. We ran the cables and installed the network drops in the required locations and installed and configured the routers. 

We learned that it never works to give things for absolutely free because then there is no end to what people will ask for, so we asked them to pay the wholesale cost of the cable—that's it. Everything else, including labor, was free. About a year later, they started having random ports go intermittently bad, and the problem seemed to be getting worse. They asked us to troubleshoot. 

We went out and found the problem was that rodents had bitten into some cables in multiple locations. Sometimes, but not always, this severed one of the wires at the point of the bite. If the severed wire touched, even after being severed, the connection would work sometimes. This intermittent fault took several hours to figure out. Since they had not actually bitten chunks out of the cables—just bitten into them—the cables appeared undamaged visually. 

The way we found the problem was to run a hand down the cable looking for a kink or something and feeling the little nick. Close examination showed the bite. Once we knew the problem, it required rewiring a few runs and telling them they had a bad mouse problem—get an exterminator. The diagnosis and repairs took man-hours on-site (two people, all day). For this, we charged only for our actual cost of the replacement wire itself. 

About a few days later, I got a call from the county accounts payable. They said they had found conclusive evidence of fraudulent billing on the invoice for the network diagnosis and repair from my company. Since the amount was under a certain threshold and this was the first instance of a problem from us, they said if we agreed with the assessment and promised never to do this again, they would ban us from doing business with the county for one year. If we agreed, they would send paperwork to that effect. 

I said no way would I agree to that. This was a donation of our time, and we only charged for the wire, so it wasn't a freebie. We did nothing wrong. They asked why I thought this happened. They said they ran the diagnosis and bill by their IT department as a random check. The IT department said there was no possible way my explanation of what was wrong and what we did to fix it could be true. I could dispute this, and they would have a hearing, but if it went against me, I could be permanently banned from doing business and may even face charges of fraud. 

I wanted the hearing. At the hearing, the accounts payable representative asked the IT guy if he remembered them asking for his opinion on the invoice. He said yes and recalled it indicated the network was losing connectivity to specific drops, and the problem was due to a bad mouse. He stated there was no way a bad mouse would have that effect, especially on other computers on other ports. 

The council asked me if I disagreed with this and if I could explain how a bad mouse could cause that. I replied that the mouse bites the wires. The IT guy looked confused and said,  What?  I clarified that the invoice did not say a computer had a defective mouse; it said there was a bad mouse problem. Rodents bit the wires. We installed new wires. We donated our labor to do so and provided the wire at cost. 

The IT guy said that does make sense. The accounts payable representative then agreed to drop the issue but warned that they would be watching us closely from then on.