You won't believe what happened when a structural engineer discovered a critical mistake that could have cost a fortune. I used to work at a small structural engineering firm as a project engineer, so I dealt with client inquiries about our projects once we had released the blueprints for construction. Most of the time, we worked on house projects that never presented a challenge for the construction engineer, so most inquiries were about not finding details in the blueprints. If you've seen a structural blueprint, you know that space is a valued commodity, so being a Tetris player is a good drafting skill. Then, this call happened.

I introduce to you the cast of this tale: Me, your friendly structural engineer; BB, Big Boss, the chief engineer of the company and my direct superior; ICE, the Incompetent Construction Engineer. 

One day, we received a request to do the structural design for some houses meant for a suburban development, basically the same house with little differences built a hundred times. In that type of project, every dollar saved can snowball pretty fast, so we tend to do extra optimization that, in normal projects, might be overkill. Some solutions we use are outside what most construction engineers are accustomed to, and that was the case for this project.

ICE said, One of the beams you designed is collapsing. I replied, Are you certain? Can we schedule a visit so I can take a look before we start calling our lawyers? ICE responded, Sure, but I'm telling you we followed your instructions to the letter, so I'm confident it was your design that was deficient. 

Before heading to the field, BB and I decided to conduct a deep review of the project. We rechecked the blueprints, ran the models again, and even rechecked the calculations by hand. We found no obvious mistakes on our part, so we started getting into battle mode to shift the fault to the construction company. The rule of structural engineering conflict resolution is that it's always the contractor's fault. 

So, we put on our battle outfits—visibility jackets, helmets, and steel-toed boots—and went to see the problem. ICE exclaimed, See, the beam is collapsing! We had to scaffold it because it kept deflecting more and more. Effectively, we could see the beam deflecting at a glance, and that shouldn’t be happening. We asked ICE for a set of blueprints and started checking. Then we found the problem—a column that we had considered central to the design was nowhere to be found in the blueprints ICE provided or in the actual structure. Keep in mind that it had no apparent reason to exist because it functioned differently than the usual designs.

BB said, Hey, it appears we messed up. The blueprints we sent don’t seem to have that column. I'd better start calling the lawyer and insurance because it appears to be our fault. I wasn't entirely convinced; I had just reviewed the project and was confident that column was in the final blueprints. We typically delivered a set of signed and sealed blueprints and a digital PDF version for easier copying. So, I asked ICE for the sealed blueprints, and to my surprise, the column was there. I could breathe again; the rule was not bypassed. Now it was a matter of knowing who messed up.

I asked ICE, The blueprints you gave us are inconsistent with the ones we sent. Did anyone modify them? ICE replied, Oh, sure I did. You put a column there that was too expensive and was doing nothing. I asked one of our engineers if we needed it for code compliance, and he said that if it wasn't structural, it had no reason to be, so I deleted it from our working version of the plans.

That was all we needed to hear. We went to his boss, informed him that he had modified the blueprints without our consent, and that we were not liable for the failure. That day, there was one construction engineer job opening, and some happy workers received extra pay by rebuilding that part of the house.

In summary, if a structural engineer says something is needed, you better believe it is. And remember, it's always the contractor's fault. I'm so happy to work in an industry where the client is not always right.