In the high-stakes world of manufacturing, a single mistake can bring an entire production line to a grinding halt. A few years back, I was working in a manufacturing company as IT manager. Like many industries, we had a number of machines with embedded computer systems. For convenience, we called these production machines because they produce goods. By and large, these PCs are just normal desktop PCs that have a bunch of data acquisition cards in them connected to a PLC, or a second network card connected to an Ethernet-capable PLC. Invariably, these PCs are purchased and configured when this production machine is commissioned, and then just left until the machine is retired. In some cases, this can be as long as ten years. Please bear in mind that this is ten years inside a dusty, hot factory environment.

I've been in manufacturing environments before, and this concept is not new to me. Thanks to a number of poignant lessons in the past, I make it my business to understand these PCs inside and out. I like to keep them on a tight refresh cycle, or when it’s not practical, such as in the case of archaic hardware or software, I keep as many spares as possible. Also, regular backups are important; you just have to understand that, unlike a normal PC, it can be difficult to do and plan well in advance. More often than not, these PCs aren’t IT’s responsibility; they fall under engineering or facilities. Even so, these guys understand that IT runs just about every other PC in the business and welcome any advice or assistance that IT can provide.

Finally, these PCs are usually tightly integrated into a production machine, and failure of the PC means the machine stops. And so we have today's stars: 

Airzone: Me, the new IT manager.  
TooExpensive: The site's facilities manager. He is in charge of the maintenance of the site, including all of these production machines. He is super paranoid about people trying to take his job, so he guards all his responsibilities jealously and doesn’t communicate anything lest they get the drop on his efforts. Oh, and he has a fixation about not spending company money - even to the point of shafting the lawn-mowing guy out of a few hours' pay.

VPO: Vice President of Operations. The factory boss. No nonsense sort of guy.  
OldBoy: His name comes from being a man in his sixties.

I'm new, but in my first few weeks, I've already had a number of run-ins with TooExpensive. I'm a fairly relaxed guy, but I have no qualms about letting someone dig their own grave and fall into it - and in the case of TooExpensive, I'd be happy to lend him my shovel. My pet hate was when organizing new network drops; I will always run a double when we needed a single. We’re paying working-at-heights money already, and a double drop is material cost only. Adding ten to twenty dollars in material on a single drop cost. He'd invariably countermand all my orders and insist on singles. And then a few weeks or months later, I’d have the electrician in again to install the second drop at another thousand dollars.

Then there was the time he was getting irritable because I was holding up a project of his. Well, sorry, if you are running a project that requires fifteen network ports, you’d better at least talk to the IT guys prior to the day of installation. Not only will you not have drops, you won't have switch ports. And if you didn’t budget for them or advise far enough in advance that I could facilitate it, then you can wait until I get around to it. Failure to plan is not an emergency.

So you could see that we didn’t exactly gel together well. Which brings us to these production machines and the PCs nested within. Every attempt for me to try and document, or even understand them was shut down by TooExpensive. 

Me: Hardware and software specifications  
TooExpensive: That’s my job, get lost.  
Me: Startup and shutdown procedures  
TooExpensive: That’s my job, get lost.  
Me: Backup  
TooExpensive: That’s my job, get lost.  
Me: Emergency contacts  
TooExpensive: That’s my job, get lost.

You get the picture. It resulted in a strong and terse email from TooExpensive to leave it alone. He had all the documentation, contacts, backups, and didn’t need or want my meddling, and I was not to touch any production machine's PC under any circumstance.

Moving forward a few months, I'm helping one of the factory workers on their area’s shared PC. It’s located right next to one of these production machines. It’s old. The machi