but the control system had been recently upgraded. It had a coax network of PCs—one NT primary domain controller and a NT workstation, along with a network PLC (also on coax). The machines were Pentiums running the minimum specs for NT to operate, with a control application whose logic was configured through a proprietary database. I had seen this software in a different company, so I had some familiarity with it. The coax was terminated on a hub with a few Cat-5 ports to connect to our LAN and an old HP LaserJet printer. 

These particular production machines are rare; only a few of them exist in the world. We bought this one from a company that had gone out of business a few years earlier. It was testing day, and TooExpensive was running around trying to find an electrician to do the testing. My earlier instruction to the electrician was to not disconnect any computer equipment unless it was powered off. So, it came time to test this production machine’s PC. The electrician wasn’t going to touch it while it was on. Luckily, TooExpensive came prepared with his thoroughly documented shutdown procedure: yank the power cords. 

The test passed, new labels were applied to the power cord, he plugged it back in and turned it on, then ran off to his next project without waiting for the boot to complete. Minutes later, the machine operator started grumbling. I had a quick glance and saw that the control software had started, but the screen was garbled, and none of the right measurements were displayed. TooExpensive was called over, took one look, turned pale, and then ran off. Minutes later, the operator looked at me and asked for help. I called TooExpensive's mobile and it was off. I called VPO's mobile and suggested he come over immediately. Minutes later, the operator, VPO, and I were looking at this machine and it was irreparably damaged. 

There was better part of a million dollars worth of product to be processed by this machine, and the nearest alternate machine was in Singapore, belonging to a different company. If processing wasn’t completed soon, the product would expire and be scrapped. A significant portion of revenue came from the product processed by this machine. We were in serious trouble. Minutes passed, and we still couldn’t reach TooExpensive. We couldn’t talk to him about the backups or any emergency contacts he knew about. We couldn’t even get his phone to ring.

As I’ve mentioned, I had used this software before and had a basic understanding. I knew enough that the configuration is everything, and the configuration is matched to the machine. A call to an acquaintance who implemented this particular machine gave me a lead, and after several calls, I reached the person. OldBoy had retired years earlier, but VPO persuaded him to come out of retirement for an eye-watering sum of money.

A few hours later, OldBoy took one look at the machine and confirmed that the database was corrupted. We’d need to restore it from backup. But what if there wasn't one? 

Me: Let's assume for a moment that there is no backup. What do we need to do? 
OldBoy: Normally, I'd say pray, but you must have done that already because I haven't kicked the bucket yet.

To cut a long story short, we had to rebuild the database—but not from scratch. OldBoy's method was that when he was done setting up a machine, he would create and store a backup database on it. The only issue was that years of machine updates would need to be worked out. Through sheer effort, I was able to compare a corrupted database file to a good one and manipulate it enough to load in the configuration editor. It was still mangled, but we could use it as a reference to build the lost configuration. All in all, it took days to bring this machine back online. But we did. 

To be honest, I certainly wasn't capable of doing this solo, and without my efforts to patch the corrupted database file, OldBoy wouldn't have been able to restore years of patches for which we had no documentation. 

And what of TooExpensive? After OldBoy and I started working on the problem, he showed up again. He ignored any advice about a backup (because obviously, there wasn’t any) and instead demanded regular status updates to report to VPO. The little man had messed up the machine, run off to hide, and was trying to claim credit for a solution that was in progress.

When everything was running again, OldBoy debriefed VPO on the solution. I then had my turn with VPO. 

VPO: So, Airzone. Thanks