The shocking reality of IT support can leave you stunned. 

The day I used the nuclear option, I received a call. 

Hello IT, I need your help. 

OK, what's the problem? 

I need you to incubate something on my computer. 

Oh, what fresh hell is this? 

What do you mean? 

Look, if you can't help, can you put me through to a senior tech? 

Oh, forget you. 

It's not that I can't help; it's that I need more information about your problem before I can assist. 

It's simple. There is something on my computer, and you need to put it in incubation for me. 

What type of file is it? 

I don't know; I can't do anything because the program needs admin rights. That's why I need you. 

Have you downloaded a file or been on a dodgy website? 

I don't need the third degree here. I just need to get this incubated, and we can both go on with our day. 

If you right-click on the green W at the bottom right of the screen and select Scan Now, it will run a check for anything bad, and we can go from there. I have jumped onto the AV console to have a look. 

I can't do anything with that. When I click it, it says,  Please contact the network administrator to access.  

I need you to right-click on it, not left-click. 

I KNOW WHAT I AM DOING; IT SAYS I CAN'T. Clearly, I need to escalate this to the help a moron division. 

There is no need to raise your voice; I am trying to help. 

It's simple, though. I need your admin rights so that I can move something to incubation. It's not hard. 

OK, I will remote in and have a look. Please click the Rescue Me icon on your desktop. 

FINALLY, you're going to do what I asked for in the first place. I am done with you. 

Waves at manager as I have spotted something. 

Preparing nuclear response... loaded. 

There is no such thing as incubation or incubator on your computer. You mean quarantine. You believe you have downloaded a virus or opened a malicious website and gotten yourself some malware, or worse, this doesn't happen on its own. 

You have all the tools needed to diagnose and hopefully remove the infection. You have buttons on your mouse, one on the left and one on the right, but refuse to click the correct one in the right place. 

I have taken over your machine, and I am currently running the scan for the issue. I can also see from your open internet pages that you have been trying to access a number of torrent sites. 

There are many malicious adverts and links on those sites designed to trick you or catch you out and get you to visit illicit sites or download questionable files. 

You are in breach of company policy by using your company property for questionable and illegal activity. This will be logged and reported. 

The scan has now completed and found and removed infections, and I can see from my console that your system has blocked and automatically defeated a number of threats or attacks today, so this is clearly an ongoing issue for you. 

What...? 

I am now going to escalate this to the IT manager, who has been monitoring this call and would like a word. 

Click.  

You were very quickly summoned to attend a meeting with HR and an appropriate manager and were asked to accelerate yourself and then elevate yourself while traveling at speed because the IT manager reviewed your activity a bit more thoroughly, including your internet use when on the company network VPN. 

You then tried to sue for unfair dismissal. The IT manager actually laughed out loud when told that the reason was an unfair invasion of privacy.