You have to fix this! 

Me: Fix what? 

BM: The client’s computer system has been compromised. Everything's gone! 

Me: Don’t you have another employee now? The one that took my place? 

BM: But he’s just a kid. He can’t fix this! Can’t you at least give me some suggestions? 

Me: What exactly happened? 

BM: It’s the sysadmin. He got fired. He took down the whole system. 

Me: Why did he get fired? 

BM: We didn’t need him anymore. The system was up and running fine. After he left, he remoted in and erased all the operating systems. 

Me: Well, you’ve got backups. Reload everything. 

BM: We can’t. The sysadmin got the job because he had unlicensed copies of all the operating systems we needed. He used those to set up the network. Now we can’t reload without buying licenses. 

After I hung up, I had a good laugh and realized that I had dodged a bullet with that company. That was the end of that… or so I thought. 

Early one Saturday morning, I was sleeping in, enjoying a well-earned day off. My phone rang. 

Me: Hello? 

FBI: This is Special Agent from the FBI. I need to ask you a few questions about this company. 

Me: I don’t work for them anymore. 

FBI: It concerns the computers that were compromised. 

Me: I wasn’t employed there when that happened. 

FBI: Yes, but BM got some advice from you at the time. He says you can confirm the incident. 

Me: He did call me. I talked to him for about minutes. 

FBI: Good. I need to verify exactly what he told you about the damage done. 

Me: He told me the operating systems had been erased. 

FBI: Yes. Can you estimate how much monetary damage was done by erasing the operating systems? 

Me: Well, none. They didn’t own the operating systems, so it's not like any property was damaged or stolen. 

FBI: They didn’t own the operating systems? 

Me: That’s what they told me. They were running unlicensed copies. 

FBI: He told you that? 

Me: Yes. He told me that the sysadmin, the person who compromised the system, brought the operating systems with him. After they fired him, he took the operating systems back. But he said they were unlicensed, so I don’t know that they legally belonged to the sysadmin. 

FBI: Thank you for your cooperation.