Imagine being pulled into a nightmare where the line between a simple job and a federal investigation blurs beyond recognition. 

Players in this drama: Me, BM (Boss Man), FBI (FBI Agent). Some years ago, I got an offer for a side job. I nearly always have something going on the side, but it happened that I didn't right then. The guy who made the offer was a friend of an acquaintance. I didn't know anything about him, and he lived about two hours from me. We spent some time talking online, and it seemed like a good gig. Basically, it was writing some shipping and warehouse software. He wanted me to travel down to meet him, expenses paid. I agreed.

When I got there, things seemed a little bit sketchy, but often people who are starting small businesses or running one-person businesses don't have much capital, so I didn't think too much about it. We met in a restaurant. He told me about the job again. I patiently listened to nothing new, wondering why I had to travel for this. Then he told me I needed to come meet his client, that his client wouldn't sign the contract until we met. Okay, fair enough. I thought his client wanted to see if I was capable.

We went to the client's place of business. Right before we went in, this guy told me not to worry about anything he might say. If I had any questions, I could ask him afterwards. He represented me to the client as an employee. Other than that, things were fine. I didn't get to see any of the computer equipment because the sysadmin wasn't there. I didn't get to see any of the existing software because we weren't building off the existing software.

After we left, I questioned the employee bit, and the guy said he didn't want his client to know he was using contract labor. Well, okay. If you're just starting in business, you want to look bigger than you are. We got down to brass tacks, and the guy had a whole elaborate system set up for work production and payment. I thought it was overly elaborate, but whatever. I'm not planning to cheat the guy, and if he's paranoid, that's his problem.

He fronted me some money, about a week's worth. Every day, I would upload the current source code to the cloud. He wanted to pay by the hour, so I kept a time sheet of hours worked. Personally, I thought this was plain stupid. If I give a price for completed work, then I carry the extra time for mistakes. If he pays by the hour, then he carries the price for mistakes. But some people pay for work. Some people pay for the time you're in the chair.

Every two weeks, he would pay based on the time sheet hours. This worked out fairly well until the first time he missed a paycheck. I notified him that I hadn't received payment and kept working. When I hit the one-week mark (the amount of the initial advance), I kept working but stopped uploading the source code. I got a paycheck and started uploading the source code again. Next time I sent him a time sheet, I got a phone call.

BM: You're cheating me! I can see it on your time sheet. There are three days here where you put down hours you didn't work. 

Me: What do you mean?

BM: You didn't work these three days because I didn't send your paycheck. That's how you forced me to pay you when I didn't have the money.

Me: I worked those hours. I just didn't upload the source.

BM: From now on, you need to upload the source or I won't count those hours as work. But I'll go ahead and pay you this time, even though I don't believe you really worked those hours. 

My paycheck finally arrived a few days late, but without the days I supposedly didn't work. I calculated where I was on hours worked vs. hours paid, taking into account the initial front money. It was good, so I kept working. When I reached the end of the paid hours, I stopped working and stopped uploading. I got another phone call.

BM: Why are you not uploading the source? 

Me: I've run out of money. You didn't send a complete paycheck last time. If you want me to keep working, you need to pay me.

BM: You're cheating me! Do you think I'm made of money?

Me: This is what we agreed. If you'd rather switch to a pay-for-work-delivered model, I can do that.

BM: No! You'll cheat me out of more money. I can get some kid out of high school to do this for less than I'm paying you. If you don't start working again, you will lose the whole project.

Me: Why don't you go find that high school kid? 

That was the end of that. Or so I thought. About a month later, I got a frantic phone call.

BM: Yo