You won’t believe the impact a simple conversation can have on someone’s life. I work in a store that offers technical support for consumer-level technology. A few days ago, I had an elderly gentleman that we'll call Pete. Our receptionist made him a walk-in appointment earlier that day, and I ended up taking it. When I opened the case, the only notes I saw were  third-party software  and  hard of hearing.  

I walked up to Pete and greeted him, noticing that he was staring at my lips to read them. I asked if he knew American Sign Language (ASL). I've been trying to learn ASL as a sort of side hobby for a few months now. Pete signed yes, and we continued the conversation in sign language. It turns out the issue was with Skype, which kept crashing on his roughly two-year-old tablet, and he had been having difficulty video-calling his wife, who is Deaf. She lives on a different continent, having traveled there for a temporary work opportunity, and would be there for two years. This being the midway point, it's now been a year since Pete has seen his wife. Skype is the only way they both know how to communicate efficiently long-distance, as neither are comfortable with email or other text-based services.

As I went through verifying that he knew his password and making sure there was a backup of his device, Pete and I were signing back and forth, and his face was completely lit up. I felt so good to be able to, albeit slowly, speak with him in his language and give him the time he deserved, even if his reason for visiting us had little to do with our physical product. Once everything was verified and backed up, I uninstalled Skype and reinstalled it, had Pete sign in, and used Skype's test call to ensure it wouldn't crash as it did immediately upon call creation before. The test call went through fine. Sweet.

I looked down to write a few extra notes and began to hear some coughs. I looked up, and there was Pete, crying while waving to his wife through Skype. Pete called her, and she picked up. He introduced me to her and told me that it had been weeks since they’d heard from each other. I stepped away to give him a moment alone.

It's moments like these that keep me going as a technician. Even though I barely touched Pete's tablet, fixing it made me feel like a hero. It's been a few days, and I can still see his smile. Just thought I’d share, thanks for reading. Obligatory: Wow, this exploded overnight! Thank you all for your kind words. Seeing the response I've gotten from all of you has made this experience even better. You guys are an amazing community.