A corporate nightmare unfolds when a drunken sysadmin faces the wrath of his boss! 

So this one goes back a few years. I was working in the corporate headquarters of a very large telecom company, responsible for the email system for HQ - about 100 users at the time. Like all the sysadmins at HQ, I was a contractor, working through an outsourcer. My boss was a guy I'll call S. S was the site manager for the outsourcer and was the direct manager of all the contractor sysadmins. The customer contact was a guy I'll call J. J was what they called an IT planner - basically a systems architect. He had dotted-line responsibility over all the sysadmins, including me. I also had a backup there, who I'll call B. B was a competent sysadmin, capable of handling most day-to-day stuff. We normally kept staff in the office from 9 AM to 5 PM on workdays, with an on-call rotation for certain specialty areas, including email. Back then, we carried a pager (yes, an old-school beeper) for on-call duty. My on-call rotation was one week on, one week off. This story happened in my off week, when B carried the pager. 

One Saturday night, at around 1 AM, my home phone rang. My wife answered, and it was J calling. She grumpily handed the phone to me. Now my wife and I had just gotten home, having been out for much of the night with our neighbors. I was, for lack of a more refined term, positively hammered at this point. J informed me that there was an email outage, and that I needed to remote in and get it back up immediately, and then drive to the office to start a root cause analysis. I informed him that I was in no condition to drive (let alone touch a production rig) and asked what B told him when he called the on-call pager. J told me that he didn't call the on-call pager because this was way too serious of a problem to trust the backup sysadmin. He wanted me working on this and that if I can't be relied upon to do my job when I was needed, he'd find someone else who could, and hung up the phone. I went back to sleep. 

The next morning I had an email from B, telling me that J had called him at home (rather than paging the on-call rotation). It was a very simple issue - our backup software malfunctioned and started writing out hundreds of GB of temp files, which filled up a critical volume on our production email server. Temp files deleted, email services restarted, problem kicked over to our backup software expert to figure out what happened. Total downtime after B got the call was about 20 minutes. The next day, I arrived at the office to a note from S, my manager, asking me to come see him ASAP. I went to S's office, and sitting there was J, who was in the process of demanding that I be fired immediately for being drunk at work. From there, the conversation went something like this:

S: But he wasn't at work. He was at home and wasn't in the on-call rotation this weekend. 
J: I don't want to hear it about the on-call rotation. He needs to be ready to work when I tell him to. I can't rely on an alcoholic, and I want him gone. 
S: If he's not on call, he's free to do whatever he wants with his time. 
J: Not as long as he works for me.

J then demands that I hand my office badge to him and calls security from S's phone to have me escorted out of the building. I'm in absolute disbelief at this point. S gets up and goes off to points unknown, just as security arrives to see me out to the parking lot. As I'm driving off, I see J's boss, I'll call her M. M is running across the street to the parking lot. Strange, but I was more focused on how I was going to explain this to my wife when I got home.

I got home, and my wife was sitting on the couch, just absolutely livid. Now this was really weird because I hadn't told her what happened yet. Those people fired you! I'm confused as hell at this point. My wife told me that M called her and that I need to call her back as soon as possible. 

Come to find out, when S had left, he was going to M's office to explain the situation and keep him from firing me. M heard from S and freaked out. When I saw her running across the street, she was trying to catch me in the parking lot before I left to tell me to come back in. When M couldn't find my car, she went back into the office and called the house, intending to leave me a voicemail but got my wife instead. M told my wife what had happened, promised to rein J in, and asked her to tell me to come back into the office to sort it out. 

So I let them ste