resulted in an offer that would have been a no-brainer to accept even if I hadn't just had my pay cut. I received that offer just before the planned effective date of the insourcing (and pay hit). The next day, I walked into Lynne's cubicle and let her know that I'd gotten the job. She got this look of utter delight on her face and said to me,  You HAVE to let me be there when you tell Jim. 

So, we walked over to his office together and told him. He looked absolutely floored, and as he usually did when he didn't get his way, immediately went into argument mode.  All the other sysadmins took the job,  I said.  You're making a big mistake,  he replied.  Do you think that little company is going to last?  I told him they did. 

The problem was that because of the planned insourcing, there was no mechanism to continue to pay me past the end of that week, as the contract with the outsourcer was expiring. Enter Marie. Marie was Jim's boss, who I had a great relationship with. Now, I felt genuinely bad about this because IT operations at corporate HQ was her responsibility, and this left her with not only no email server support but only a day to figure out how to ensure continuity (my backup had quit for unrelated reasons a month before). 

I was perfectly willing to give two weeks' notice per custom, but they just didn't have a straightforward way to pay me for it. So, Marie called me into her office after Jim had left for the day. I told her that I was already in the interview process at the time Jim gave me the offer. This was true, although I left out the whole part about Lynne, and the fact that it was such a big pay cut made it a no-brainer to continue the process. 

Marie had an utterly stunned look on her face, and she said to me,  Pay cut? You all were supposed to be kept at parity.  What I found out later through my insider information was that Jim neglected to relay that instruction to company HR when they were preparing the offer letters. They prepared the offers at what HR deemed to be market rate, which in this case was a substantial pay hit. 

I never found out if he did that on purpose, but given that he'd complained in the past that he thought we were overpaid for what we did, I'd be willing to guess he did. Anyway, even though Marie upped the offer to match my current pay rate (so much for take it or leave it) and promised that I'd be reporting to her given my past history with Jim, I still declined as my new job had a lot more long-term opportunity. 

I ended up taking the job at the telecommunications company just long enough to work out my notice period. HR was very confused at my exit interview when they noticed that I'd been with the company for only five working days. Incidentally, I ended up staying at CoolTechCompany for over five years. It was the best career move I ever made. My only regret about it was that I was never able to get Lynne a job there. On the other hand, Marie stepped in and took away all of Jim's supervisory responsibility over the sysadmins, sticking him in a strict technical role. He lasted a few months after that and moved on to a much smaller company.