me online, I am very good at my job.  

 I change many details and embellish conversations to protect identities. How do you know about my posts?  

 I'm very good at my job. Was good at my job.  She opened her phone and showed me the Snitch's profile on Facebook. 

 Take a look at his pictures.  As I scrolled through, I saw an alarming number of pictures featuring the sales manager. 

 They are friends. So they hang out together. 

 Yes, they go to the movies, eat lunch and dinner together, go to Six Flags together, golf together, adopt puppies together...  

My mind raced with implications, and I wanted to do something drastic, but I couldn't bring myself to act on it. 

 I can't use this information. I want to light a fire and watch it rise, but I won’t. 

 You don't have to because I already did it. I shared this information with both the VP of IT and the VP of Sales. 

 Why?  

 I like you. I don’t like him. Also, we have rules regarding relationships between employees and management.  

 You know he is married, right? This could ruin his marriage.  

 It will be handled quietly. But you need to get rid of the Snitch on your own first. Upper management bows to his whims because he makes money. But if you had a sure-fire reason for him to get fired, the sales manager will lose his edge and likely his eyes and ears into your department.  

Feeling physically sick with this information, I got back to fixing the major issues she caused. Once things stabilized, about a week later, I went to HR and talked to the new head of HR. I informed her of the party, the weed, and requested a drug test for the Snitch. 

As it turned out, a company-wide drug test was already scheduled. Our office was the next one tested. Days later, we brought in the company to collect samples. 

We didn’t even wait for drug test results before acting. We contacted his contracting company, stating our desire to terminate his contract, but to wait for the results to come in. We had enough to fire him without the drugs, but the test would help. 

Funnily enough, the sales manager had vanished on vacation the day of the test. A week later, he returned positive—not just for weed, but for speed, heroin, and Xanax. 

This was a fireable offense through and through. HR was informed, and we set up a meeting with the Snitch. 

 Why?  he asked, confused. 

 You have no clue why?  Hit responded, a bit angry. 

I laid out three files in front of him quickly, not wanting Hit to lose it. 

 This file here is your ticket logs. You cherry-picked the tickets you wanted to work and dumped harder calls. This next one shows your internet usage, proving you bypassed monitoring for YouTube. And this third one is the email logs with the sales manager, proving your relationship with him and your underhanded plan to sabotage our department.  

Hit added, “And this is your drug test. You tested positive for illegal substances and prescription drugs.” 

“There is a lot I want to say right now. You have no idea how badly I want to say these things, but given the circumstances, it would be inappropriate. You were a good tech, but your work quality deteriorated. I urge you to seek treatment for your addictions.” 

His recruiter handed him a pamphlet for a local drug program, and the Snitch sat there defeated, practically in tears as he handed over his badge. 

I felt relieved the cancer in our team was gone. I wasn’t happy, but I was satisfied. I couldn’t shake the feeling of betrayal and pity. Even today, I feel bad for him and hope he gets the help he needs. I just hope I never have to go through something like this again.