What happens when trust is betrayed and the stakes are high? 

Disclaimer: All of my stories are embellished for dramatic effect. Everything that happens in my stories is true, but I do spice up the spacing and timing to weave an epic tale. Take my stories with a grain of salt and try to suspend your disbelief when reading them. Getting frustrated because you take my story at face value will not make your time in my story enjoyable. You have been warned. 

Meet the Double Agent, our spy. The Snitch, who caused us endless trouble. And the Wahoo Lady, making her final appearance. We were getting out of the realm of ancient history and into the realm of recent events. Another post I made about this company recently helped set off the catalyst for the endgame. 

The time of our spy's party was drawing closer, and the information we needed was being collected. I was still getting reports of the Snitch not playing ball with our ticketing system—cherry-picking the best tickets, ending calls before confirming tickets were resolved, making people call back later in the day for non-existent server issues, and simply just not doing his job. On top of this, we started collecting his email logs between him and the sales manager, who was his real boss. Yes, you read that correctly. He was using company email to communicate with the sales manager who put him up to it, and when we found this out, it felt like a revelation—like we had discovered a key piece of evidence. 

Once I had everything I needed from my team, I told them to return to normal in regards to the Snitch. I no longer needed anything else on that front, so I let my team know to watch their backs and just keep on working. Everything was being handled, and we were in the endgame here. We had two termination-level offenses and three more to go. 

Seeing as the Snitch figured he was above the law, we had been collecting his usage data in significant portions. This paid off in ways we did not expect. We expected him to use YouTube when it was unblocked, but it never showed up in his history. It was strange because he had his headphones on quite a bit, even when he was not on a call. Our server team gave us a reason for that. It turned out he had made his own website to evade our monitoring. It was a simple white page with a single input. When you pasted a YouTube video URL into the bar, it played the video in embedded mode. Since he wasn’t going to YouTube's website, it never raised any red flags. 

I approached the Snitch for a small conversation.  You aren't in trouble, but there have been rumors that you have been on YouTube. I do not care whether you were or were not there. I'm just warning you that people are watching. If you are caught on YouTube, you will be written up and walked out.  

 Sure thing, man. Thanks for the heads up,  he responded. 

“No problem. Keep up the good work.” 

I had the server team set up a redirect on our firewall to a section of our domain. The website it redirected to was similar to his, except instead of an input box, it just displayed the text,  I warned you.  

It took two hours after the conversation and redirect were set up for him to come to me. I already had the write-up ready and simply asked him to sign it. I told him to return to his desk and get back to work. 

The day of the party was also the day of the second write-up for the Snitch. Our spy sent me a text message Saturday telling me to call him ASAP. “What’s up?” I asked. 

“You need to drug test the Snitch ASAP,  he replied.

 Details. I need lots of details,  I insisted.

 He brought weed to my party and smoked it with a friend.  

I called my boss, Hit.  It's Saturday. What? 

 Snitch smoked weed at the spy's party.  

Laughter erupted from his side of the line.  You know what to do Monday then.  

We were not prepared for Monday. I informed the Wahoo Lady of the issue, but something broke with the Citrix servers, causing everyone's files to no longer show up. My role was handling angry calls and assuring people that we had backups of everything and that the server team was locking it down. 

Wednesday of that week was when Wahoo Lady made her mistake, accidentally allowing access to our database for unauthorized users, costing the company millions to fix. This delayed our plans as we had to clean up her mess, but she did give me a parting gift. 

 I have a solution to your Snitch problem,  she said. 

 How do you know about that?  I asked. 

 Contrary to how you portra