What if I told you that a million terabytes could be wasted just because of one bad decision? 

Hi all, mandatory LTL, FTP. On mobile, so formatting will be a bit sketchy. Disclaimer: I am not in Tech Support, but hopefully will be eventually after completing my Comp-Sci degree. I was in a TeamViewer session with a colleague when I discovered, to my distaste, that his TB HDD was filled to the brim, as was his GB SSD. Upon inquiring what was using such immense portions of precious digital real estate, I was met with the standard response,  I’m not sure; it’s always been like that. I just delete stuff when it’s too full to function.  

Enter WinDirStat to save the day. For those of you unaware, this little app displays the contents of your drives in a graphical layout, with the size usage of each file proportionately scaled to the others. Normally, one can expect a large block of medium-sized files, some downloaded videos, a few Steam games, but never in my years have I opened the application to find one giant monstrosity of a block consuming well over half the poor TB drive, barely leaving little files to squeeze in around the edges, clawing desperately for some leftovers to call home.

The seasoned among you will already have guessed it, but this file was none other than the villain of the piece, the dark and shady pagefile.sys. Our hero (yours truly) swam through the dark recesses of the system configuration in search of the settings pane that would confirm my hunch, all the while my colleague's eyes grew wider with understanding and guilt. Eventually, I found it. The page file options were set to Manual Configuration, and that manual configuration was a default size of TB, with permission to expand to a larger size. 

My colleague offered an explanation for his actions. Apparently, some four years ago, he fancied himself a game of Modern Warfare and was displeased to find it kept crashing. Rather than just quit some background applications or buy more memory, he decided the best solution was to boost his page file size. First a GB, no good. Maybe GB. No dice. Eventually, he must have just opted for a random amount of zeros, happening to be an entire TB. 

Years passed, and he didn’t notice the change day to day as the page file gradually grew fatter, gorging itself on any scraps of executable it could find, slowly expanding to occupy .TB of his total storage. And that is how he has lived, without question, for years. A page file size drop and reboot later, and he was a happy camper, and I had my first TFTS post.

TLDR: Friend wanted to play a game but lacked sufficient RAM. Sacrificed most of his TB HDD to the page file gods as an eternal offering. EDIT: Wow, this blew up overnight. Thanks for making it a good first post! Also, I've seen a lot of people ask why I’m studying Comp-Sci for tech support. The specifics are that I’m doing a Bachelor of Information Science, with a double major in Computer Science and Information Technology. Honestly, I don’t know specifically what I plan to do after graduating, just that I love IT and want to do something in that field. As for why tech support... After reading this subreddit, it sounds like it should keep me entertained.