What happens when a computer repair business owner is left with a top-of-the-line gaming rig? 

This happened a while ago. I own my own computer repair business, and a customer called me up asking me to build them a computer. They had all the parts and just wanted someone to put it together as they didn't trust themselves. It was a fairly high-end computer; they spent probably a significant amount on parts. I put it together with no issues, and they were very happy. 

When they picked it up, they asked if I could fix up one of their older computers so their kids could play together. The computer they brought in was maybe ten years old, but for the time, it had top-of-the-line parts and probably cost a lot. They bought an Nvidia GTX and told me that it needed a hard drive and some extra fans. So, I picked up a hard drive, swapped it in, installed the fans, and it ran like a dream. I called them and told them it was ready; they were again really pleased and said they would be by later in the day. 

Days later, I called them again and asked when they wanted it, and they said they would come on the weekend. Days later, they said they would be by at the end of the day. Weeks later, I called and got no answer, so I left a message and sent them an email explaining that starting at the beginning of next month, there would be a storage fee since it had been over thirty days since it was completed. I called them in the middle of the week to again confirm when they wanted it and explain the fee, but no answer, so I left a message and texted them. 

The week after, I called and received no answer, so I left another message, email, and text. On week six, there was still no answer, but they called me back ten days later explaining there was a family emergency and they were out of town. They said they would be by within two days to pick it up, but two days went by, and they didn’t show up or call. 

On week eight, I called one last time and explained that this would be the last message they would get from me. I would hold on to the computer for thirty days, at which point I would assume they didn't want it, and I would take ownership. So, we are over day thirty, and I now have a very good gaming computer for the low investment of nothing. 

Because a few people are criticizing me for taking advantage of a grieving family, let me clarify: I don’t know what the emergency was (for all I know, it was some great aunt from Europe), and I have paperwork to say it’s the company’s (mine) after thirty days. Now, I pride myself on customer satisfaction, so I called them numerous times to try and verbally let them know it was ready. If, after a few months, they contact me back asking for the computer, I will give it back to them.