In a shocking twist, a simple username request unraveled an unexpected security nightmare. Some university in Germany, around the turn of the century, had a physics department with a nice setup for students: two rooms with terminals. In one room, all machines ran HP-UX, while the other room offered a dual boot option between Windows NT and Linux. All the user data was stored on the server and was accessible from all systems. At the beginning of term, the new students had their accounts created by one of the student supervisors on the Linux machines. 

I was the middleman between the student supervisors and the real techs who kept the system running, and somehow, I got stuck with the support when the supervisors didn't know what to do. One day, a student—let's call her Samantha Melinda Butler—was sent to me. She was quite interested in computing but had no idea why she was experiencing problems with her account. She could access her home directory but couldn't write to some files. On the other hand, she discovered that she could read nearly all the files in other people's home directories— even in the accounts of some professors.

I asked her to log into her account and opened a terminal. I looked at her files, but everything seemed in order. I tried to access my own home directory, and I could. That shouldn’t have happened. She shouldn’t have been able to access my files. Suddenly, I looked at her username; she had requested her initials. Samantha Melinda Butler—smb. I logged into my own account and checked my groups. I was part of cyrond, cdrom, lpt, and smb. 

Samantha had become Samba and had all the rights of the Server Message Block. Every user was a member of the group smb. The student supervisor who had created Samantha's account didn’t even understand why this was his fault. We later implemented this scenario as a question for new supervisors: Richard Oot is a new student and wants a login created. As his username, he wishes to use the first letter of his given name and his family name. How do you create his account on a Linux terminal? Everyone who answered  adduser root  wasn't hired.