because you could not help yourself but to stick your nose where it does not belong. If you had followed procedure and not sent the termination paperwork through, he would have health insurance right now. Instead, you decided to play tech and fired someone in the system. I spent hours yesterday chasing paperwork and trying to keep this knowledge from him.  

 I do not appreciate your attitude.  

 And I do not appreciate you taking actions on your own. You may be HR, but even you are not allowed to terminate employees without proper procedure.  

 Okay, that is far enough. You have made your point. Remember that she holds your job in her hand.  

 Like a small bird.  

 Thank you. So you do need to show her some respect. That being said.  

 You violated company policy, you tried to terminate an employee when it was not called for, and you created a mountain out of a single email.  Turning to me, he said,  Do you want to keep your job?  

 Yes.  

 Then never take a disrespectful tone or cuss at a member of senior management again. I expect a written apology to her by the end of the day. No further action needs to be taken here.  

Turning to the monitor that had her face on it, he continued,  You will apologize to both him and the employee you tried to terminate by the end of the day yourself. While he was disrespectful and generally made an ass of himself, he is not wrong. You did overreact and wrongfully terminate a good worker, forcing him into overdrive trying to stop it in its tracks. You could have solved this by going to him when you first heard about it. Simply put, the end user was an idiot and needs to trust the people she calls to fix her computer. 

The Executive Vice President stood up and gathered his things.  Hopefully, this is the last I hear of any animosity towards upper management or animosity coming from upper management. Good day, people.  

He left, and I went back to my desk, apologizing for the attitude I took with the head of HR. At 5 PM, the email came in from the head of HR apologizing for her role. I then had 15 minutes to explain to the tech what happened. He decided he owed me lunch.