Prepare yourself for a journey that will tug at your heartstrings. This is the story about the most emotional call I’ve ever taken. I work at an ISP as a tier representative for tech support. Essentially, one of the jobs I have is programming calling features. This call in particular happened about a month ago. A ticket had come to my queue about a customer having trouble accessing her voicemails. I dug deeper and found it was full as well. No problem, there were some programming errors, which I fixed, and I called the customer who will be known as Sweet Elderly Woman (SEW).

SEW: Hello?  
Me: Hi, this is the technician again. I just wanted to verify that I'm calling because you reported an issue with your voicemail today.  
SEW: Oh yes, is it fixed?  
Me: Yes, it should be. I found that your box is full. It has the maximum amount of messages in it.  
SEW: Dear, I’d hate to be a bother, but could I get you to go in and delete them for me? (We have a way of accessing the messages if the customer cannot or doesn’t want to, etc.)  
Me: Absolutely. I will gladly do this for you, SEW. I’ll call you back when I’m finished.  
SEW: Yes, please.

She thanks me, and I hang up to go access the messages. Knowing full well that this is going to take at least 30 minutes, I go and read articles as the messages are playing. I eventually reach the last message, and it catches my attention. I stopped reading, listened to it, began tearing up, and saved it in her box. I compose myself before calling back.

SEW: Hello?  
Me: Hi, it’s the technician again. I listened to all the messages and deleted them all except for one.  
SEW: Oh, thank you, sweetheart. Why did you leave one?  
Me: SEW, I think you should listen to it. I will hang up to give you some time, okay?  
SEW: Okay, dear.

I gave her time to listen to the message and called her back. She was crying when I called her back. It was then I learned the story. The message was from her husband, who had passed away due to brain cancer just days after he left the message. It was him saying goodbye and that he loves SEW so much and he’s never felt more alive during all the years she spent with him. SEW was crying because he was deceased by the time she got to the hospital and had not heard his voice. She said I gave her part of herself back that she’d lost when he passed away. She thanked me, and we disconnected the call.

To answer some of the comments I am seeing, no, I do not have to listen to them, but I explain clearly that the messages will start playing and I will hear who they’re from. This person had the same last name as her, which is why I listened to it and saved it. Thank you so much.