We've been throwing away millions without even realizing it. This one is weeks in the making. I was instructed to reduce spending in IT by a specific amount before the end of the year. The company as a whole needs to cut spending by the end of the fiscal year due to various reasons. I was specifically handed a list of potentials as a recommendation for cuts. The first thing I did was collect all of those people and give them lists. We analyzed the number of phone line accounts versus the number of employees and the number of inactive fax accounts. For weeks, those dedicated individuals scoured through records and verified the fax accounts. They found over 1,000 phone accounts, each costing $50, that belonged to terminated users but were still active. 

We audited the fax system by determining who had not received or sent a fax in six months. We found over 300 inactive accounts. Of those, 100 had never logged in, 200 were terminated users, and nearly everyone else had set up their eFax but never used it. The rest were people who rarely faxed as a backup and wanted their accounts to stay. In total, we were spending $1,500 a month on these 300 accounts. So far, we were at a little under $2 million a month being spent on useless things. I started to go through vendor programs A-G looking for similar instances. These included programs like screen capture tools, password managers, a couple of CRM programs, and a stock program that several hundred employees literally never used.

Once that was done, I collaborated with the server team for a few days to ensure these accounts were directly associated with our Active Directory accounts. Every single user now has credentials associated with Active Directory. Now, when a user is marked as terminated for 30 days, it terminates those accounts at the end of the current billing cycle. As a side effect, I accidentally set up a single sign-on system.

All in all, I saved the company over $1 million a month. Today came with the promise of an all-corporate supervisor meeting and the usual discussions that entails. It would take too long to list which department is responsible for what, so all lines will begin with  Sales  or  HR.  

The CEO said,  I am very glad all of you are here. As you know, the end of the fiscal year is approaching, and we must trim the fat, so to speak, for year-end financials and the IRS.  He went on like this for 15 minutes before having everyone go around the table. We aren't supposed to say things like  We terminated X number of users,  but instead say things like  We reduced salary costs by X percent.  

The accounting department mentioned they were able to reduce financial responsibility, particularly salary costs, by 20 percent, saving the company $200,000 a year. Marketing responded that they reduced financial responsibility, but only 10 percent of that was salary; the rest was from programs they had stopped using but were still paying for. 

When it came to my turn, I interrupted, saying,  There is information in my report that is vital to this meeting and will have major implications on everyone in this room and the company.” I proceeded to explain that as the supervisor over IT support, I had increased salary responsibilities by 10 percent as a way to save money. 

Using the list of suggested layoffs from HR, I gathered exactly those people to audit all cost-incurring systems utilized by our company IT. I revealed there are over 1,500 accounts belonging to various programs, services, and paid software. These accounts belonged to terminated employees, people unaware they had accounts, users who never used them, or people who changed computer systems. 

In fact, vendor systems A, B, and C were not being funded by Marketing, Accounting, and Sales respectively. Those costs were incurred by IT. I handed out leaflets showing that the money came from the IT budget. 

I explained that we had tied every single vendor account, cost-incurring service, and essentially every system we pay for per employee to that employee's Active Directory account. This effectively creates a single sign-on for our users. On top of that, it creates immediate savings of $1.5 million with accounts terminated for terminated users, accounts that were never used, and accounts for programs that were discarded.

The CEO whistled, revealing he was pleased to hear that we were talking about $1.5 million in savings monthly, not annually. I emphasized that with the addition of tying all accoun