In a shocking twist, not all heroes wear capes—some wear suits and ties to defend their colleagues. A recent incident reminded me of an uncomfortable encounter I had last year that I didn't post about yet. For your entertainment, here it is. 

First, a little background info to set the scene: our company headquarters building has big conference rooms. Despite not being in the events or hosting business at all, we sometimes rent those out if we don't need them ourselves. We only offer limited service, but that makes for a fair rate, usually easy-going, not much work, and earns a few extra bucks. 

The day this story took place was one such time: a company that had rented our conference rooms before had booked them again, but this time for a completely different occasion, hence other guests in our building. Regarding technical equipment and support, the rules were simple: we as the host provide one high-quality projector per room, one HDMI cable, one audio cable if you want to use the room's speaker system, and one wifi voucher for each of the devices people need to present from. Everything other than that is your own business as a guest.

Last year's autumn, both the IT team and our facility department were very short on staff thanks to a bad stomach flu going around. Preparing the conference rooms for renters hadn't been of my duties for years anymore, but due to the staff situation and still knowing how to do it, I helped out. Usually, our main janitor prepares the room layout and our internal catering staff stays on standby for the guests, but both were sick. The only option to fill in their positions on short notice was to borrow Lucy, an apprentice from another department. She was fresh from school, had only started her apprenticeship a few weeks ago, and didn't mind doing something completely different for a day. Naturally, she needed instructing and some help with her newly assigned duties. It took longer than usual, but together we ensured everything was perfectly prepared in time for our guests. Prior to their arrival, I had briefed her to call me personally if the guests required any IT help before I had to leave.

Since I passed the conference area a little later on, I checked on Lucy and the guests. Quite a few had already arrived, but everything so far was good; the projector and sound worked, and she felt comfortable handling the job. Everything seemed fine. 

Half an hour passed, then I received a call from Lucy. The guests wanted to know where they could get wifi vouchers. My bad; I forgot to tell her. I sent her to the front desk to fetch one per device the guests needed for their presentations. Ten more minutes passed. Suddenly, another call came from Lucy, sounding strangely nervous. She asked if I could please come down because the guests needed help with the wifi. Since I'd never interacted with her before today, I couldn't quite place if the tone of her voice indicated a problem or if she was just a little insecure and stressed. Something felt off, though.

I assured her I'd be there in a few minutes. Upon entering the hallway to the conference rooms, I could already hear an irritated woman's voice heavily berating someone. Not a good sign. Worried now, I picked up my pace and turned around the final corner, only to find poor Lucy cornered by a suited woman, absolutely barking at her about not delivering what they paid for. Lucy was visibly shaking, probably getting close to a panic attack. After hearing my footsteps, her eyes immediately made contact with mine, looking anxiously for help.

I stepped forward and interjected, but was met with hostility from the woman. She claimed they were promised wifi vouchers in the lease contract for the room, but Lucy was refusing to hand out any. Lucy explained that she had already given out several vouchers, but the woman continued to shout at her, verbally assaulting not only Lucy but also outright intimidating her. This unacceptable behavior had to stop.

I firmly told the woman to calm down, keep her insults to herself, and back off Lucy. The woman responded by questioning my authority and demanding to speak with a manager. I agreed to get one and gestured for Lucy to come with me, as she barely kept it together. We headed toward the elevators, and I reassured her that she didn't have to accept such behavior.

Once at my office, I quickly changed back into my suit since I had been filling in for the missing sysadmin. When I returned to Lucy, I introduced