The shocking reality of corporate exploitation can leave you speechless. Sometimes, as a consultant, you get to see how an office functions from an outsider's perspective. Since you are an independent contractor, the company treats you differently than an employee. Also, just due to the nature of contract work, your engagement is usually short-term. This makes you a temporary fixture, and sometimes you are treated as the fly on the wall, like you do not exist. And this can lead to some interesting observations, including seeing train wrecks in progress. This is one of those tales, not so much about the nuts and bolts of tech support, but more about the people and some good old-fashioned just desserts.

As a consultant, you are always going to be the IT guy, whether you like it or not. No matter how you market your services, every single company is going to assume you can do anything with a computer. And when business is slow, this is not necessarily a bad thing if you just need work. 

About three years ago, I found myself in a situation. I got an inquiry through my website asking about assistance deploying some workstations and other mundane tasks. Usually, I would pass on this kind of work, but it was winter, and the other client work was dry that month. A guy still has to pay the bills, so I followed up, and within a day, the scope of work was signed. 

Easy stuff. The company had its own IT department but just needed some extra hands. I was going to be one of three outside contractors that would deploy some workstations, do some server admin work, and set up some other equipment for a new department. The pay wasn’t the best, but it was time I had free, and it was all swing shift work—meaning no traffic, and I get to sleep in. Not bad.

On my first day, I reported as requested around 4 PM and talked to our contact. He was a Senior Engineer in charge of part of the IT department there. Saying he really didn’t have time to do anything more than a quick introduction as they were slammed with work, he showed us the ropes and left us to it. Between the three of us, we broke down our specialties and parsed out the work. Everyone knew this was a cakewalk of a job and wanted to just get it done fast as the pay was flat rate.

I took the server work and saw my contact, the System Administrator. Figuring he was probably gone for the day as it was mid-evening, I was just going to leave him a note asking him to call me, but to my surprise, he was at his desk. In fact, just about everyone in the IT department was milling around. I didn’t think much of it at the time, just that it was one busy department, and the guys must be pulling double shifts. He showed me the systems, and I got to work. Around midnight, we were wrapping up for the night and the three of us broke down what we had left with the Senior Engineer, who was still on site. The plan was to wait until Friday night to deploy the workstations and get everything in place. The Senior Engineer said most of his team would probably be there all weekend anyhow, so it didn’t matter to him.

I left thinking, man, that is a busy place. Those guys must really be pulling down the overtime. I wonder what is going on—they have so much work—as I walked out the door that night. Soon enough, I would find out the deal.

On Friday night, I headed to the worksite a little early, figuring if we all pulled a long night, we should be able to wrap it up and all get our weekend back. Things were going great, and we were ahead of schedule, so the Senior Engineer offered to take us out to a local diner while we waited for the office to close up so we could deploy workstations without tripping over people.

At the diner:
Senior Engineer (SE): I want to thank you guys for all your hard work. We are all overworked, and when we got approval to contract out this job, everyone was excited.  
IT Guy (me): Hey, glad to be of service. Looks like you guys are crazy busy. Is everyone pulling doubles and doing weekends to handle your ticket load?  
SE: Oh, we are understaffed, so we all have to pull extra hours...  
Me: That’s tough, but it must be some great overtime...  
SE: Overtime? Not really, we are all salaried. Some loophole or something... we just put in the time because we all need the job right now.  

The conversation trailed off from there, but it left me thinking—most IT workers are eligible for overtime as a matter of law. There is no loophole like that. Something isn’t right.

Back at the