worksite, I was in the network closet with the Systems Administrator hooking up some ports and finishing the server work. He was a friendly guy, so we started chatting.  
Me: I was talking to your buddy, and it seems like you guys work insane hours here...  
Systems Admin (SA): Oh yeah, it has been like this for a year. 60 hours is a light week these days. It is ridiculous.  
Me: Yeah, the other guy said you don’t get overtime...  
SA: (Laughs) That is what the boss tells us. Let me show you something.  

He pulled up an email exchange he had with his manager. It was dated about six months ago and made the very point I thought—that the entire department should be getting overtime and the law requires it. His boss's response in bold and caps was: IT IS COMPANY POLICY TO NOT PAY ANY OVERTIME. WORKING MORE THAN 40 HOURS IS PART OF THE JOB. DEAL WITH IT, OR FIND ANOTHER PLACE TO WORK. Then the SA smirked and showed me his response to the boss: Sure. OK. Whatever (his emphasis). And that was the end of the exchange.  
Me: Look, I’m not a lawyer, but you might want to call up the labor department... I’m pretty sure it’s illegal for you to not be getting overtime...  

Then, to my surprise, the SA pulled up another email from his personal account.  
SA: Oh, it is blatantly illegal. I asked a lawyer, and this was his response. (He showed me a memo explaining the law and that most likely a lawsuit would be successful. This was dated about nine months ago.)  
Me: (confused) So you guys know you should be getting overtime but aren’t getting paid, and everyone is OK with that?  
SA: We all make sure to log all of our hours and document the time.  
Me: (still confused) But you still aren’t getting actually paid overtime?  
SA: No, but we will. Here is the kicker. According to the lawyer, the labor department will look back at the hours we put in for the last 12 months and award us retroactive overtime. So all of us just log our time and keep records, then in about a month, we are going to file a claim all together. The company is going to be on the hook for all that overtime, and they won’t be allowed to fire any of us for reporting them either.  

(Then the coup de grâce...)
SA: We all figured when this whole thing started, if we pressed the point back then, they would just figure out a way to screw us. So we just all decided to stay quiet, put in the time they tell us to work, and we will get our bonus check when it is all said and done if this stuff is all backdated.  
Me: How many hours do you think you guys have piled up?  
SA: Hard to tell. Everyone keeps their own paper logs to keep it quiet. We also don’t talk about it too much, so nothing gets out, but the last time we met outside of work, it was a boatload of time. I figure, for myself, they will owe me about six months of salary in overtime, and when it is all said and done, adding up damages, penalties, and interest, it will probably total almost two years of pay.  
Me: Holy...  
SA: So if the guys won’t talk about it and seem eager to work all these long hours, now you know why.  

We finished up the job that night. I exchanged contact information with a few guys and said if they had any other contract work to think about giving me a call. That was it, until...

Three months later, I was at another job when I saw an email come in from the Systems Administrator, subject line: Overtime Claim:  
Hey IT Guy - Hope you are doing well. We all ended up filing a big overtime claim with the state, and the company fired us for supposedly falsifying our timesheets. The lawyer is sorting it all out, but anyway, I wanted to know if I could give your name to an investigator who is looking for witnesses to verify some of the extra hours we worked... (some details followed)

I agreed to talk to the investigator and got a call about a week later. He asked me some routine questions about times and dates and wanted me to email him proof I did the job. Then he started going into the details of the case.  
We got this company for probably a million in overtime and damages between all the guys in the department. Plus, the firing is probably illegal, so that is going to be another few hundred thousand on top of it. The insurance company wants to settle, and once we wrap up the due diligence work, I think these guys are all going to make out rather nicely.  

I didn’t hear anything for a while, until another email came in from the Systems Administrator, subject line: RE: Overtime Claim:  
J