When power struggles and ambition collide in the corporate world, chaos is often the result. A number of years back, I was working for a company that had been around for many years. I was relatively new myself, but there were still a couple of old guard senior engineers around who had been there from the start. The kind that knows where all the obscure, undocumented insider information is and can fix most problems in seconds that the rest of us might take hours to solve. 

One of the guys in particular, who I shall refer to as Joe, a bearded and jovial gent with a very Steve Wozniak persona, was always happy for us to approach him with our questions. He welcomed us to leverage his vast knowledge of how the company’s sprawling IT infrastructure worked to make our lives easier and cope with the constant unrealistic expectations of upper management. He was a real, old-school engineer: someone who loved their job and was well respected by everyone in the department.

So when his friend, the current department head, a man of comparable knowledge and experience, retired and was replaced from the outside with a young and brash individual with a business degree and little technical knowledge, also called Joe, it was a big change for everyone. Fortunately for us, he didn't interfere too much with the technical aspects of our day-to-day jobs, at least at first.

When the company first started out, they weren't too concerned with formality when it came to email address policy. In later years, as the company had grown, they tightened the bolts with an official policy of issuing staff a more formal address. However, those who were around from the early days retained their original addresses as aliases. It became somewhat of a status symbol and a sign of authority in the company to have one, and those that did would use that version as their sending address, proudly displaying it in their email signatures and on their business cards.

The retired head had one such address, as did Joe, in the form of  joe@company.com,  and you always knew when you saw an email from someone with one of these addresses that they were someone important who had been around for a while. Most of the department heads were long-term employees who used them, and it wasn't long before the new IT head noticed this aspect of our corporate culture and clearly envied his peers. But as a new employee, he was stuck with his formal email address, and they weren't issuing new legacy email addresses unless they were for someone higher up the food chain. 

Even as head of IT, he had no authority to claim one, which is why, one day, when he spotted an email from Joe using his legacy address, he saw an opportunity to get what he was coveting. So as the tale goes, he called Joe into his office for an exchange that went something like this:

IT Head: Hey Joe, great work on the capacity report and getting it to me so quickly. We should be able to get approval from finance to expand our storage way sooner than I thought.  
Joe: Not a problem, is there anything else you needed from me for it?  
IT Head: Nope, everything is there, thanks. But I noticed that when you sent it through, you were using a different email address, a little different from the rest of the team.  
Joe: Yes, that's the one I've always used since I started, and everyone here knows to reach me at. Some of our older systems and scripts still use it as well, so I'm actively using it to get critical alerts. I've set up rules to forward them to the relevant team addresses we use these days. The only alternative would be to budget a major project to go through all our legacy stuff to change it, and we were never able to get approval for that.  

IT Head: I have no problem with that, but I was interested in getting one of those addresses for me. It would make it easier for people to know I'm the head of this department, rather than just another employee here. My predecessor had one, so it should be no problem for me to have one as well, right? Can you make that happen?  
Joe: I'm sorry, I wish I could, but it's HR that makes that decision. Their policy is to only issue addresses at the top corporate domain level now for C-level recruits and their immediate assistants.  

IT Head: You've been here for a long time; surely there isn't a way, or someone you know, who can make this happen?  
Joe: I’m sorry, it’s way above my pay grade. I'd be happy to put in a request to the head of HR to see if they could do it as 