favor, but I’m pretty certain what their answer will be.  

IT Head: (Annoyed) Okay, thanks. Do it, and let’s see what happens.  

Joe goes and logs the request, but of course, the head of HR knocks it back, citing policy and not wanting to set a precedent even as a favor to Joe. Joe goes back to give the IT Head the bad news:  

Joe: (Knocks) Hey, you know that request I put through to try and get you a top-level email address? Unfortunately, HR has knocked it back. I did my best to push it through, but they were firm on our current corporate policy of not issuing any new ones except for those at the very top.  
IT Head: (Visibly unhappy) I'm sorry to hear that. Are you sure you did everything you could?  
Joe: Yes, it's out of either of our hands unfortunately.  
IT Head: Fine then.  

And Joe was right. There was no way the IT Head was getting a brand-new personal address. However, his position did allow him to authorize the reassignment of existing email addresses, which was normally used to forward mail and alerts sent internally to staff who had left the company. He soon realized this was possible and formed a plan, calling Joe back into his office for another conversation:  

IT Head: Hey Joe, you know how we can't get new personal email addresses created, but we can still reassign an existing one into my name, right?  
Joe: (Frowning) We can do that, yes. You have the authority to have the email address of anyone who has left redirected or assigned to anyone else if you so wish. Did you want your predecessor's address? I mean, we can do it, but it would confuse a lot of people if they saw your email coming from someone who is gone.  
IT Head: What about email addresses of existing staff?  
Joe: (Frowning harder and seeing where this was going) You do have the authority, but it would still confuse people, and you would be getting all the legacy alerts and notifications, which would make you responsible for ensuring they flow to the right people when they arrive.  
IT Head: I think I can handle forwarding a couple of emails whenever I see them. I have a greater need for visibility here, and there is no business requirement for you to have one, so start the process of transferring  joe@company.com  across to me immediately. Let me know once it's done so I can inform everyone. 

So poor Joe was forced to give up the email address he had held since day one. He definitely wasn't happy about it but did as he was instructed. Falling back on his regular corporate address, he sent an email out to his immediate team and contacts to let them know what was happening and to please use his full address moving forward to contact him. At the same time, the IT Head proudly sent out a company-wide email broadcast letting everyone know that his email could now be reached at  joe@company.com  as the Head of IT. 

Weeks went by, and it was clear he was taking every opportunity to send out emails using his new address. New stationary was issued along with business cards clearly showing his position and contact address. He was reveling in having a coveted address and the prestige and recognition it instantly gave him, especially when dealing with other offices and people who didn't know he was only a relative newcomer. Life was good, until one fateful morning when he wasn't in his office, having forgotten about his responsibility to forward through important notifications when they came through to him. 

He had set up a rule to handle them, sure, but it deleted them directly from his inbox without notice. One particular alert dealt with backup failures for a particularly important and long-term defense contract. One of our key Service Level Agreements was to ensure daily incremental and weekly full backups. The media in an old backup unit had failed and was repeatedly notifying the issue. Normally, it was a simple fix: replace the faulty media in the backup unit and restart a full backup run. But with no alerts being sent through, nobody knew there was a problem. 

When a request came through from the client to perform a restore of the previous week's data after an accidental deletion, the backup team was horrified to find that no backups had been running for several weeks, and the data had been lost. The client was not amused. The CEO, with whom they had a close relationship, was even less so. The IT Head attempted to throw Joe under the bus when it was revealed that the company was going to incur a massive rebate for the SLA breac