You won't believe the chaos that unfolds when you're thrown into an honorary tech support role! I'm not in tech support; in fact, none of my job descriptions ever included anything remotely resembling tech support. Yet, life finds a way. As a longtime nightshift worker, who often hung out with the local IT folks and demonstrated tech support skills by looking up error messages, I was promoted to an honorary tech support role. It was a win-win scenario for the guys, as they could chill at home while on call; in the meantime, I resolved low-level on-site issues and had something interesting to do in addition to my boring desk job. 

The following story is not related to any of the above. Plugging VGA cables into desk stations to fix broken computers is not a story; it's business as usual. A few companies later, when buzzwords like business intelligence and data analysis started to pop up on the corporate bingo card, I was already involved in these things at my current workplace. As usual, my job description had nothing to do with it, but I had to manually create a lot of reports and work with a lot of data. I'm as lazy as it comes; if I have to do the same task twice, I'm going to spend an unreasonable amount of time trying to automate it. 

The result of my laziness was a Power BI dashboard hosted on SharePoint. Behind the shiny charts was a giant mess, as I had to solve issues with the tools I had access to. Python calling SAP GUI scripts to run custom queries then transforming the data from the resulting exported Excel files, just to spit it out again as a new and improved spreadsheet, PowerShell to manage SharePoint, then some AutoHotkey and Power Automate to maximize the chaos. It had a lot of moving parts, tried to do way too much, but I tried to keep it as organized as possible. Code on GitHub in a private repository, regular and conventional commits, issue tracking, well-written documentation for everything, all the best practices. 

My team's standard reporting tasks, which usually took an entire week at the end of each month, were condensed down to a few hours. In theory, it could have been less if I had trusted myself, but I always QA'd the final result before releasing it for use. So, in addition to my standard role, which I performed above expectations according to my annual reviews, I was the local BI developer and ad-hoc tech support. At every salary increase cycle, I always had to ask for a salary at the top of the range of the role I held on paper, citing the above reasons. The company always fought tooth and nail, and it was a painful and humiliating experience. 

Unfortunately, after a few years, they decided that now that you've built these solutions, we don’t need you anymore, we only need to hire someone to maintain it. You are fired. According to my contract, this would mean I was still employed for another few days. I made sure to double-check everything, rewrite some documentation to be clearer, refactor the code, especially my early kludgy solutions, and make backups on my team's OneDrive, fixing as many issues as I could. In short, I tried to ensure everything went smoothly when my replacement took over. By the time my notice period was up, they still couldn't find anyone as they had been advertising a wonderful package. Yep, my successor was supposed to do everything I was doing.

My last day was at the end of the month, and I pushed out one more update under the watchful eye of my supervisor. As soon as they saw that everything had updated, security came in, and my boss said to delete everything from GitHub as it's an external site and a security risk. I tried to explain that it was tied to my corporate email and that it would be best to keep it alive and transfer ownership to my successor; they wouldn’t budge and told me to delete it. Okay then, let's nuke it from orbit. I told them that there’s a local copy on my work laptop and also on OneDrive, and they said IT would take care of it. Apparently, that meant a deep cleanse of my laptop without retaining any of the data, so the only remaining copy was in my former team's shared OneDrive folder. 

A month passed, and my former boss called me asking for help. They still hadn't found a replacement unsurprisingly. Not wanting to burn any bridges and because I'm an exploitable idiot, I told them sure, I'll help; just toss in a steak dinner voucher for two at a local mid-range restaurant. They were dragging their feet, despite my ask being signi