To start me and my mother in law have never gotten along. She hates my guts and can be oversensitive often times. I tried not to give her the wrong impression about me but we just don't like each other.

Sunday, I was feeling sick (I'm a new mom btw) and couldn't eat what she cooked for dinner and she seemeed to take it personal. She sent me a private message of what seemed to be her final straw with my behavior and it stated the following: copy/paste

"Oh yes I know and feel your passive aggressive vibe. You keep pretending to be sick so you won't have to eat what I cook? What? You think my cooking is disgusting? You think I'm unhigynec? WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME YOU ACTUALLY LOOKED AT YOURSELF IN THE MIRROR? Apologies I forgot you're a new mom and can't be bothered to even get your hair brushed. You finally trapped our son and now want to use the baby as a pawn.I don’t like the fact you're my grandchild's mother. I don’t think I'll ever come to terms with it because you bore him. But I’ll pretend. Pretend I don’t know my son's been having chats with his ex every chance he gets. Be mean to his mommy. Me. And you’ll see how far that gets you. Oh and when I watch your shitbeast dog it stays chained to a garage day and night until a half hour before you arrive. It stinks up my house you know same with your hair and clothes". My mind was blown and my gut reaction was to immediately go to my husband and show him what his mom sent and he didn't take it well. He tried calling her but she didn't respond. It was 11pm and he decided to drive to his parents house and pick a fight with her about the text. According to my sister in law #1 who witnessed it he yelled at his mother and berated her and caller her names then disowned her which shocked everyone in the house. My mother in law is diabetic she fainted on the spot and my husband didn't stop he just walked out of there while his family were yelling at him. I got several calls and texts from them claiming I just caused irreparable damage in my husband's relationship with his mother, jeopardized her health because she was taken to the hospital and worsthe of all making my husband disown her over what? A dinner that i could've gotten a few bites of? A simple misunderstanding? They accused me of causing this shitshow and turning my husband on his own mother and disowning her like that. Sister in law #3 berated me for sharing the text with my husband saying I should've confronted my mother in law alone instead of escalating the situation. She said I'm responsible for whatever happens next and have to fix the problem I created.

I feel awful overall and so guilty since she's at the hospital and the family are feeling tense. My husband is avoiding me.