This is a long story. You wont be disappointed So in  me ampmy boy Joey (I was  he was ) took a  month road trip across America. - months in we went to Austin, TX. Got into to town at about  pm and went to the first bar we could find. We met two ladies (both late s early s cougars). We danced n drank a lot with them. About  min before closing time a married couple comes amp joins our table. Seemed nice, the cougars knew the couple. We stay until the bar closes. One of the cougars invited me amp Joey to her house for a nightcap wthe other cougar joining as well. Obviously we went, with me driving following her brand new red BMW convertible.We pull into this ungodly beautiful gated neighborhood w mansions galore. We get to Homeowner Cougars house and its crazy nice. So the  of us are out on her back patio drinking wine. - min after getting there, the married couple that joined us at the bar walks over, they were apparently the next door neighbors.Married couple tells Joey amp I they own a bunch of tanning salons throughout Austin amp ask if either of us would like a spray tan since they have the equiptment next door in the basement of their multi million dollar home. I am not keen on tanningspray tanning but Joey was all about it, so he goes with the couple, leaving me w both cougars.  The  of us are on the patio for about  min when we hear glass shatter (not like dropping a coffee mug, A LOT of glass shattering) come from inside Homeowner Cougars house. In my inebriated state and with complete Iack of regard for what could have caused said shattering I  jump up and walk into the house..... The tanning salon husband (who was about -, , stout amp in shape Im -  lbs soaking wet) is in the living room with a pick axe (about  ft long wooden handle, with a T on the end. Metal ball on one side of the T, and a super sharp point on other). He had shattered his neighbors very large glass coffee table. He sees me and starts at me w pick axe cocked back it was a baseball bat As he is walking towards me he is screaming hes going to kill me amp my buddy. He swings the pick axe at my head, and it was the sharp end, luckily I stepped back and it went anout  inches in front of my forehead.  would have killed me had I not stepped back and let it strike my temple. He then pulls it back over his head as if he is going to hammer me straight down on the top of my head. I quickly bear hugged him, allowing me to hold the axe along with him, but the head of the axe (and my grip on it) is down by his butt amp his arms were over his head so I luckily had all the leverage, as he was much stronger than me. I walk him out into the front yard in the position, trying to calm him down amp find out wtf happened.As we get to the front yard grass I see Joey, Stark ass naked, running down the street carrying his jeans. I end up getting the axe and the crazy neighbor man runs into the woods across the street. It was at this point I look at my car (our only means of transportation on our  month road trip). My dr Ford Taurus has all  windows shattered out, the windshield is spider-webbed in  different places, back windshield has  spiderweb. I start thinking about chasing the guy down as I have his axe now. But as that thought was just developing, a police officer pulls up with lights on. I guess this a good time to tell you what I learned hours later from Joey, the story of the spray tan. So the wife was giving said spray tan, husband was watching. She told joey to take his boxers off, Joey obviously looked at the husband sideways like dude your wife wants me naked And husband said oh go ahead its fine. So he got naked. As soon as he did the wife starts to perform oral sex on him amp the husband said its fine Joey, enjoy and he left them alone. Joey apparently thought it was an open invite to proceed to having sex with her bc thats what he did. She was apparently a loud lover, bc the husband came back in  to see Joey having sex w his wife. He was apparently the yea-my-wife-can-give-you-oral-but-dont-have-sex-with-her type of guy bc he freaked out, Joey ran and husband began rampage w pick axeSo back to front yard. The cougars had apparently called  and explained the situation, bc the cop immediately asked where the neighbor was. I was livid about my car. The cop wouldnt let me walk to the driveway from the porch to go look at my car, and I ended up in handcuffs sitting Indian style on the patio. More cops show up. They end up finding psycho neighbor and arr