him for a slew of charges. I got un-handcuffed and Joey, the cougars amp I go back to the back yardpatio to try amp to process wtf just happened. Next day we wake up to spray tan wife knocking on homeowner cougars front door. She beggggs Joey amp I to drop the charges on her husband bc he already has  felonies and he will go to jail forever blah blah blah. I called her a lot of choice words, since Im my head this was her fault to begin with. Thats when she said she would pay to fix my car (it was  undriveable in current state). After consulting Joey we agreed, if she would get it fixed on Monday. (This went down Saturday night, it was Sunday morning now). She agreed to pay it.Monday we got a ride in red BMW to the Austin TX district attorneys office. Meet w Asst DA amp explain we want to drop charges. We sign amp get notarized a paper sayin we drop charges (and ADA tells us that even though we are saying we dont want to press charges, the city of Austin still can charge him, a detail we forgot to mention to spray tan wife)Joey amp I then drive my vehicle, with broken glass covering the interior of my car amp my head out the drivers window to see the road bc windshield was spiderwebbed. We go to a really small, family owned auto glass shop that was in the woods, as it as the closest one to mansion neighborhood. The guys are laughing as they look at the car you boys pissed somebody off real bad. We were there a total of  hours waiting on them to replace all the windows and frontback windshield, and in this time we told the story of Saturday night. The owner was really cool and actually gave us beer to drink while we waited which I didnt understand but loved. So Joey amp I had the idea to make some money from this venture. We asked said owner if he wanted to make some money as well, he was game. So the repairs cost , we told him wed give him  (almost all the money we had at the time) if he created a bill saying it cost , for the repairs. He happily did it for us. Next day we met tanning salon wife and husband (he had posted bail) at their bank, Joey stayed in the car bc he didnt want to get killed by husband. I was sitting in lobby with the notarized we are dropping charges paperwork and the  bill for all new windows. They get there, I give her the bill (praying they hadnt priced out all new windows on a car recently) she gets in line without saying a word amp gets  crisp Benjamins. I then give her the notarized paper amp she gives me , in a very drug-dealSopranos-esque, overunder transaction. We then drove straight to Shreveport, Louisiana with our  to go to the Horseshoe casino.That was our experience in Austin TX. If ya got any questions lemme know, I have pics of my car from the morning after, but theyre in my email from  amp Im having a hard time finding them.  Ill post them in comments when I find them. Hope ya enjoyed....and yes, every single word of that story is  factual.