  Ok, I apologize in advanced for the length of this story, but I hope it is worth the read. I am going to get a few key details out of the way to set the scene. A few years ago, say  I was working and living on a small island in the Caribbean. I lived alone in a three-bedroom family apartment in town. Occasionally I would have family that would come for vacation on said island and stay at the apartment I was living at. The company I worked for was a small distribution company that serviced the alcohol industry. At the time, my boss wanted to sell off one of the beer lines he had carried to another distribution company located on another island about a -minute plane ride away. So, he had set up a meeting with a guy we will call JC, that was the son of the owner of the distribution company that was interested in purchasing the beer line. He was roughly mid s at this time and his family was very wealthy. From my understanding one of the wealthiest families on his island. He was set to fly in on a Friday morning, have his meeting, then fly out in the evening. At the same time, I had an uncle that was on vacation with his wife and three kids that were staying with me at the apartment. He has twins that were around  and another kid that was about  or so. Remember this.So JC flies in and I greet him at the airport. I then drive him to the office to meet my boss. My uncle is also a friend of the boss and sits in on the meeting. They talk for a few hours or so and then they decide to grab some lunch before his pm flight. I join them for lunch, and they have a few drinks while eating. A few drinks eventually turned into many drinks and they lose track of time. JC realizes that he cant make his flight in time and calls the airline to schedule a flight out first thing in the morning and I would be tasked with taking him. No big deal. We decide that he can crash at the family apartment as the room I am staying in has two double sized beds. My uncle and his wife in one room, kids in another and JC and I would share the third room. We eventually head back to the office and decide that later we are going to go to a restaurant and have dinner to entertain our guest. Dinner time arrives and we head to a nice restaurant to have some food and a few drinks. We carry on and hit a few bars, take him to the local strip club and just keep going until we call it a night. We get back home at AM. I am plastered and turn to JC and say, Listen Im tired, going to call it a night, you have to be at the airport at AM. He tells me he is going to stay up and watch some TV because he wont be able to sleep. I say no problem and head off to bed. Suddenly I am woken up from my sleep. I look up and see my uncle, my aunt and their three kids all in my room with a look of shock on their faces. I am in total confusion because at this point, I am still drunk, and only had  to  hours sleep. My first though was that I slept through my alarm and JC missed his flight. So I ask Whats wrong To which my uncle replied Come with me. I stumble out of bed and begin following him out of the bedroom, past his shook family and down the hallway that leads to the living area. What I see next will forever be engraved into my mind. You ready for this I see JC, passed out on the couch, completely naked with his belt still on, COMPLETELY NAKED WITH HIS BELT STILL ON, his clothes folded neatly on the coffee table and from head to toe, he is completely covered in SHIT. Human feces.  In his hair, on his face, his torso, his legs even hand smudges on the walls besides the couch. The smell that captured my nostrils was so horrendous it sobered me up in an instant. The lack of sleep was gone completely. I stood there in complete shock as I witnessed this. My uncle turned to me and said grab a leg. As we walked closer to the couch, I noticed an empty bottle of vodka on the ground that did not immediately register to me. We both grabbed a leg and dragged him off the couch onto the ground and pulled him directly to the bathroom shower where we just threw on the shower head and walked out. There was literally a trail of smeared shit that led from the couch to the shower when we dragged him, almost like a he was a paint brush and the shit was paint. We then began to assess the damage in the living room. The empty vodka bottled had caught my eye again and then It suddenly dawned on me. I had an unopened bottle of vodka that I kept in the freezer. Nah, this motherfucker wouldnt do that. I sa