to myself. How could he possibly go in and dig through someones freezer and it is impossible for him to drink it all. As I proceed to the kitchen and the first thing I notice is a puddle of pee right next to the freezer. I step over it and open the freezer. This man, coming home at AM plastered drunk, decided it was a great idea to drink an entire bottle of someone elses vodka. I was lost for words at this point. My uncle then grabs a mop and heads to the shower. In curiosity I follow him only to see him using the mop like a scrubbing brush to begin to remove the shit from his skin. We throw some clothes, my clothes mind you, onto him and then carry him downstairs to the car. As I take him to the airport, my aunt and uncle tackle the cleaning of the house.As I pulled up to the airport, I remember exactly his face as I was leaning over to open the passenger side door. Pure misery as he was half asleep and still drunk as you can imagine. I open the door and push him out, pull back in the passenger door and drive off. When I returned to the apartment, I see the entire couch already on the sidewalk to be collected by the rubbish truck. My aunt at this point did a great job at mopping and sanitizing the floor. I ask my uncle how in the hell did you come to find him like this Did you happen to wake up early and just see him like thisHe tells me, here is the best part, that his twins usually wake up early and watch cartoons on a morning. They are at the age where they can navigate them selves out of their beds and turn on the TV to not disturb them. And the kids innocently walking in the living room that morning were the first to see and immediately ran into their room and said Mommy, Daddy, there is a naked man on the coachHe then flew out of bed in confusion and ran out to find him this way. Passed out, naked and with porn showing on the TV. The porn might explain why he decided to get naked. However, the belt still on thing baffles me to this day.To wrap up the story. I never saw JC again after that. Have no clue if he ever knew what happened. He did in fact purchase the beer line from my boss and we will never know if guilt made him buy it.