anything.  No one pressured me, Im trying to say.  No one threatened me.  No one coerced me to do what I did.  I did it all on my own and no one knew what I was even planning.ampxB   I took the blood I had just drawn into my right hand.  The pilot was looking down at the ground, his head hung in grief, for the dead and for himself.  Look at me, I said.  LOOK AT ME  I waited for his eyes to meet mine.  He had to understand what was happening, and that everything would be ok. Do you remember who drew your blood earlier today  Who did it  Who  I asked him. Demanded of him.  You did.  It was you.  he replied.Holding his blood in my right hand, I reached into my pocket with my left.  Demonstratively.  I took out the blood I had held onto.  And I told him, This is some of the blood I drew from you earlier.  This is yours.  There was extra. This blood came from you.He didnt look blank, exactly.  It was the moment just before understanding.  I looked at him, at his commander, and then turned and put the blood I just drew from him into a sharps container bin.  The garbage.  I threw the new blood draw away.  And I put the vials I drew on him earlier down in front of me and set about filling out my document.  The only lie was the time of that blood draw.  I was falsifying a document.  But that WAS his blood, I drew it and it never left my custody.  There was no way he was going to have clean blood for this draw.  I knew it, his commander knew it, he knew it.  Whether the commander thought I was swapping out someone elses blood for his, the pilot and I knew.  That was the pilots blood.  It was just the extra vials I drew earlier.  Relief washed over the room.  The pilot mumbled something to his commander.  I knew I was committing a crime, but the pilot was NOT drunk or under the influence in any way during that accident, nor when he came to me the first time.  Upon his return, he was not drunk but there would be alcohol in his blood.  If that blood ran his career would be over.  And it would be over unjustly, because he was sober when I got the first sample.  ampxBI dont remember the look on his face afterwards, or what either of them said to me in gratitude.  I was hearing my heart beat and the blood rushing in my ears, because I knew it would be ME doing time in the brig if anyone knew what I had just done.  I blew them off, waved them away and out of the room.  They couldnt walk out triumphantly, they couldnt show that their spirits had lifted, couldnt slap me on the back.  They had to leave, now, without a fuss, so no one had any idea what I had just done.ampxB   It bothers me.  Im a liar.  I faked official documents.  I feel terrible about it.  But Id do it again.  It was the right thing to do.  Even if it messes with me to this day.  Its good to get it off of my chest.