Backstory  So, a little backstory, where I grow up, there is a restaurant chain based on my hometown (Not going to mention it for privacy reasons), which was a pizzeria. Like most pizzerias, they offered Chicken Wings, so this is where we cue the main story:  The Most Eventful Night I had this Year  So one of my dads co-workers(they worked for a company which develops eye medical stuff in case u were wondering), bought in Buffalo Wings for lunch, and he gave them to my dad for me(I couldve had Chicken Nuggets or just Normal Chicken Meat) to eat for dinner. At around :, my dad picked me up from my Grandpas house(I do that cause both of my parents work and they dont want to hire a babysitter), I noticed that he had a styrofoam container, with Aluminum Foil to preserve it(some of you can see where this is leading up too). I waited for my dad to get in the car and asked him:  Me: Dad, what is in that box from Insert Pizzaria Name  Dad: Its Buffalo Wings  Where I grew up in, you were looked down upon if you didnt like Buffalo Wings, so I was, of course, going to have them for dinner. It took about  minutes to head back to our house(irrelevant to the story but my mom was there), and then my Dad took in the wings. So I got ready to Microwave them.  Before we go any further, let me just say something. If you combine a Microwave with ALUMINUM FOIL, it will not end well. So, me being the idiot -year old I was, forgot to remove the foil, and then I heard my dad yell:  Dad: DONT START THE MICROWAVE  I kept on walking like it didnt matter but in . seconds I put the amp together and RAN LIKE SONIC THE HEDGEHOG TO THE MICROWAVE WHEN I HEARD A SPARK. My youngest sister saw the spark and yelled at me to do something. Thankfully, it was only in there for  seconds, so it didnt cause much damage(except to the styrofoam container, a little hole was punctured into it).  I then had an adrenaline rush for  minutes. Believe it or not, I didnt get punished because my parents said I could learn from my mistakes(My Parents werent Entitled, to say the least). I told my friend about this  minutes before finishing this post, and his reactions made sense.TLDR: Aluminum Foil and Microwaves can end you