was to be held in Italy, and the plan was for Carl and his ex-wife to fly out there together four days before the wedding and for me to fly out by myself a day before the wedding. Carl's daughter had rented out a huge, luxurious villa for close family and friends to stay in before and after the wedding. I thought this was perfect - I have never spent the night with Carl, so I thought us sharing a bed would be a huge turning point in our relationship. That was until I found out that Carl and his ex-wife would be sleeping in the villa and I would be sleeping in a converted barn by myself at the bottom of the villa garden. 

I asked Carl if I could please sleep in the villa with him, but he refused, so I refused to go to the wedding and stayed home. On top of this, I have never been to Carl's house; in fact, I don’t even know where he lives, and he has me blocked on all of his social media. I can only contact him on WhatsApp. I think Carl may have been lying to me when we first met about his divorce to his wife. I'm starting to get the impression that he is actually having an affair with me and cheating on his wife. He's so secretive with me and appears to still have a lot of contact with her. Or maybe they decided to rekindle their relationship after their divorce. Or maybe I'm overthinking, and they are just really close friends; I mean, they do have a daughter together.

So Reddit, am I being crazy? What should I do? Thank you, everyone, for your helpful insight and comments. I have been trying to read through them all. For all those saying this story isn’t real, I can assure you that it is; obviously, now I am having severe doubts about him and what he has told me. I'm realizing how stupid I looked in this relationship. Some of you don’t seem to realize that when you're truly in love, you really don’t want to lose that person. For those offering helpful advice, thank you. I have a plan in place for when I see him this Tuesday, and I will update you all after that.

Hi everyone. I'm sorry this update has taken so long. To be honest, I forgot I had posted this story on here. Anyway, I confronted Carl about his ex-wife around two weeks after I had posted this story. He obviously denied everything. I don’t remember everything that happened, but he did call me a crazy bitch. I had never seen him this angry before. At this point, I knew I was already done with our relationship; I just wanted to finally get some answers after five years of being together.