You won't believe the lengths some people will go to for a window seat on a plane! At the time, we went to visit my sister while she was studying abroad in France. All went well on the way there; we got window seats and it was pleasant. The issue arose on the hour flight back. While booking, my dad was told it would likely be empty and we would have whatever seat we wanted. Well, it was full and our seats were in the middle of the middle row. He whispered to me to just go along with whatever he said as we were boarding because there was no way in hell he'd sit in the middle row for hours. I braced myself. He decided to pull the stewardess aside as people filled the plane and inform her that he was assured he would be able to get a window seat even though we didn't book one. She assured him the plane was full and she couldn't do anything. He then glanced at me and told her,  No, you don't understand. My son is severely autistic and he won't make it through this flight without a meltdown if we don't get a window seat.  I froze; I’m not an actor, and he's forcing me into this situation. I decided to just stay quiet and stare at my phone, playing games. 

She whispered to him,  What do you mean? What type of meltdown?  He said bluntly in his feminine redneck voice,  Oh honey, you don't want to see it. He'll be shitting, pissing, and puking all over probably.  They went back and forth for a minute with him convincing her while I kept staring at my phone. She went and talked to somebody, came back, and told us to come with her to the back of the plane. We stood at the very back of the plane on the left side while she went up each row, asking each pair of people if they would trade our seats due to the crazy circumstances. By the third or fourth row, she got some college-aged guys to trade seats for some flight vouchers or something, and we got the window seats. My dad took the window. A steward came by and said if we needed anything at all to let him know. I softly grunted at him. The flight went fine after; I just acted mute when the crew was around. I do not condone such behavior; I have friends with autistic kids, and I love them dearly. My dad's just that type of guy. He could write a book on unethical life hacks.