The shocking truth is that behind closed doors, relationships can unravel in ways we never expect. To add some context to my title story, I have been married for years to my wife. We have a best friend relationship where we have always been really close. We have been through a lot together; we have kids. A little context is that she was sexually abused by her stepdad. About three years ago, she started to go to counseling for that and began to give me more details about it. She has also struggled with watching pornography since she was really young. Her counselor has explained that this is how she coped with what happened to her. 

Long story short, for the past few years, she has been trying to stop watching it. Once she overcame the porn, she got into erotic literature. About a year ago, she told me she felt consumed by it and asked me to put parental controls on her phone so she wouldn’t have access. I did not enforce this; I’m trying to be supportive of her journey. If she didn’t feel bad, I wouldn’t think much about it, but she said it sends her into a shame-depression spiral, and so she doesn’t like it.

About a year and a half ago, I went to counseling with her because she felt like she wanted more from our sex life. I’m fairly routine and have really tried to be better, but this is basically a recurring theme where she feels like she has a higher sex drive than I do. I don’t think it’s a higher sex drive; to be honest, I think it’s actually that I'm fine doing the same thing every time. 

Anyways, all this is the backdrop. Last week, we received a letter in the mail about our dental insurance needing to be renewed. It was in her email, and she asked me to renew it. I opened her email on the computer, and I saw a bunch of stuff that was pretty shocking. I didn’t want to make her feel bad; she has also been in a depression slump, so I realized that once again, there was a correlation. 

The next day, while the kids were at school, we went on a walk, and I tried to bring up the topic of how she was doing with it all and if that played a role in her mood. She was very resistant to talking, so I didn’t push. A few days later, we were going to have sex while the kids were in school. I was waiting for a break in work meetings when she went upstairs. When I went up, I realized she was listening to something sexual. Basically, she was trying to get herself ready. It kind of blew up because I felt disrespected, and we argued a bit. I asked if there was anything else I needed to know, and she said no.

I then asked if I could see her phone, and she immediately opened it and started deleting something. I asked what it was, and I figured out she had subscribed to some accounts that featured males moaning and performing for subscribers. We decided I should join her at her next counseling appointment to get a perspective on this. The more we talked, the more she said her needs weren’t being met by me, and then she mentioned she had been uncomfortable having sex with me for months, but she didn’t know why.

Well, today I was home sick, and she was out of the house. I had a suspicion there was more she wasn’t sharing. So, I logged into her TikTok account, which she used to spend hours on. Her profile was revealing, showing her true identity, and she was only following strangers—no people we know. I went into messages, and there were only a few messages (I assumed the rest had been deleted). She had reached out to several guys to sext; one was while she was on a girls’ trip in February, where she mentioned she would have used a hookup app but felt it seemed like too much effort, so she was trying to find someone here who was in the same mood as her.

I stewed on what to do for hours. I know it was an invasion of privacy, but I also feel like there's a pattern here, and I'm not sure how far it goes. To me, texting a real person is cheating. As for pornography, I can say I’ve never felt it was just her own struggle. Now I am freaked out about how far this goes.

She asked me later if I logged into her TikTok, as my login sent her an email. I told her what I found, and she basically shut down. She let me look at her phone, and I didn't find anything else, but I feel like she could have deleted it. She started to get defensive, saying it's partly my fault because our sex life hasn’t been good enough for her. 

How can I trust her again? How do we move beyond this? In summary, I caught my wife texting other guys sexually, and now I am unsure of what to do.