Years of turmoil led to a heartbreaking confrontation that changed everything. Years ago, I was assaulted by my boyfriend's ex-best friend, whom I'll call J. My mother never liked my husband ever since we started dating. She always wanted me to be with J because he came from a good family. When J assaulted me, she didn’t believe me despite all the evidence. J's mother was also my mom's boss, which might have contributed to her disbelief.

While waiting for the trial, I moved in with my boyfriend and his parents. During this time, I found out I was pregnant, and I knew it wasn't my boyfriend's because we had never been intimate. J ended up taking a plea deal and received no jail time in exchange for relinquishing any rights to see my daughter. When my daughter was born, my mother asked me to move back home and apologized for everything she had done.

A year after my daughter was born, I went to college a few hours away, and my mom retired early to watch her while I studied. During the week, I stayed on campus to avoid long drives, and on weekends, I came home, calling every night to check on my daughter. In my second year of college, my boyfriend and I eloped, and my mom did not like that at all, despite us being together for years and him caring for my daughter as if she were his own.

One day, a big snowstorm hit, and my Thursday and Friday classes were canceled. I went home early without telling my mom, only to walk in on J, my mom, and J's mother in the kitchen. J was holding my daughter when I walked in. They were surprised, to say the least. I panicked, grabbed my daughter, and packed a bag with her belongings. My mother and J's mother pleaded with me not to leave while I was packing. As I was leaving, my mom cried and begged for forgiveness. I told her I would never forgive her and attempted to walk out.

On my way out, J grabbed my arm and suggested I should be nicer to my mother. My mother called me hundreds of times, but I never answered her. I left, got an apartment with my husband and daughter, and hired a babysitter for when I had classes. A week after this incident, my mother deposited over $10,000 into my bank account, perhaps trying to buy my forgiveness or entice me to speak with her. I really didn’t know.

My younger sister just got married, and my mother was at the wedding. I had to remain civil with her. She asked about my daughter and son and my current pregnancy, expressing a desire to fix things with me and see her grandkids before she died. She claimed she always believed me about the assault but didn’t want to get fired. I asked if she still hangs out with J's mother, and she said sometimes, mostly at church. I left the conversation at that.

She's my mother. I love her and miss her. She raised me and my sister all by herself, albeit with the help of a few nannies. But I don’t know if I will ever be able to completely forgive her. I haven’t decided what I’m going to do yet. Long story short, I just wanted to vent about the current struggles in my life.