The truth about homelessness is that it strips away not just shelter, but humanity itself. When I was younger, I was homeless. I had been emancipated from my family and had a lot of trauma from being raped, along with other abuse throughout my childhood. I ended up getting into drugs and then decided the only way to get sober was to hitchhike around the state so I could never make connections. I was young, naive, scared, traumatized, and alone. One thing you learn very quickly when you're homeless is that people treat you as sub-human. I got my first criminal charge for sleeping in a public park. They woke me up and told me to leave in the middle of the night; I had nowhere else to go. People avert their eyes when you walk by. You aren't allowed to use the bathroom anywhere, even if someone else looking less homeless would have been allowed. People shout things at you and talk down to you. It's pretty demoralizing.

One day, I was sitting on the sidewalk holding a sign that I think just said hungry. I didn't have a lot of skills and couldn't maintain a job because of moving around. I was also afraid to have more than a few dollars at a time because my sobriety was still fresh. I realize now the issues with begging and would never do it again. Anyway, this woman walked by me with two young daughters and looked at my sign. She looked at me and said, You're hungry? Well, why don't you come eat with us? Keep in mind, I'm used to people shielding their children from me. Children would walk by me and ask their parents questions, and the parents would shush them and rush them along. I was taboo, not to be acknowledged. So already, this was astounding to me. She is letting me eat a meal with her and her children. She takes me into the restaurant, and we all sit down. She asks me about my life and why I'm on the streets. She asks me about myself. She seems genuinely interested and not afraid. This is the first time I've been treated like a human in a long time. She gets me breakfast and even a dessert, which I try to refuse. After that, she gave me money and her phone number on a piece of paper, saying to call if I ever needed anything. Her name was Dawn.

I will never forget her. Dawn, if you're out there, you reminded me that day that I was still human. That I deserved kindness and respect. That I wasn't some broken, scary monster. Thank you. I will never forget that. If I still had her number, I would call in a heartbeat, but it was lost when my backpack was stolen a few months later. Also, in case anyone cares, I have been sober for six years now, and I'm housed and working. Almost done with my associate's degree. A few people have asked how I got housed, so I'll put it here: social programs funded by the federal, state, and local government. That's literally it. I went to a rehab paid for by Medicaid, a transitional housing program funded by my county and the federal Housing Authority, and I'm still using my Section 8 housing voucher funded by the federal government, although I'm working in IT now, so I hope to be completely self-sufficient soon. Fund social programs. They work.