You won’t believe what happened next! Two weeks have passed since my first publication and three weeks since everything happened. Not many relevant things have really occurred, but here is a short summary: Approximately three days after my publication, my ex came to my house and asked to come in. I went out and met her at the door. I told her that she is not going to set foot in my house while I am here; if she wants to say anything, let it be at the door. Well, she practically begged me to take her son back, saying that if I want to cut off all contact with her, that’s fine, that she deserves it, but she can’t raise a child alone.

She mentioned that raising him alone is going to destroy her dream of being a notary. I tried to explain to her in the calmest way I could that my therapist recommended I cut off all contact with the two of them and to please leave my door before I lose my mind. I love the child, but I don’t want to take out my anger on an innocent, especially considering that this innocent is the product of her inability to keep her legs closed. I expressed this last part with a bit of anger, but I never raised my voice since we were on the street. I told her the child deserves better and that she is responsible for giving that to him. I don’t know how, but that’s not my problem anymore.

After that, we talked a little more. She resisted the urge to cry and make a scene because, once again, we were on the street. The last thing she asked me was to at least let her see the dogs. I told her no, that the best thing is for them to get used to her absence; seeing her again after so much time will only make them euphoric. After that, she nodded and left.

Two days later, she called me when she received the divorce papers. My mistake was answering the phone because immediately after a few minutes, she was yelling. I later managed to tell her that the papers must contain the number of my civil lawyer, so she can call her if she has any questions. After that, I silenced her number. She has not come to my house since then nor tried to call again.

That same day, I contacted a friend I made during my master's degree and invited her out. She accepted, and we’ve been going out since then. Finally, last Friday, I asked her to be an exclusive couple, and she accepted. She has stayed over at my house for a few days, and she already knows and adores my dogs, which I appreciate because I couldn’t start something with someone who doesn’t accept my pets.

We are currently taking things easy. She knows the drama I am having with my ex and the child, and she respects my decision. She asked me if I will ever have contact with the child again. I told her maybe when he is old enough to understand my decisions, but I don’t expect it to interfere with my life in the future, to which she just nodded and was glad that I consider myself a priority during this process.

Maybe this summary took a little longer than I expected, but this is what happened over these days, and many people have been asking me for an update, so here it is.