This shocking incident will forever change the way I view my responsibility as a teacher. This happened literally last Monday. For context, I’m a teacher, and I teach senior students. I am advising a class of STEM students and handling all STEM and senior high subjects. Monday class starts like every Monday, with a flag ceremony followed by classes. At recess, I noticed that some teachers were talking to some grade students. It looked like they were up to no good, but I didn’t bother to intervene because we are professionals and trained to deal with those kind of situations. 

After the classes, I was facilitating the cleaning of my classroom, and I almost always go home around 6 PM after most of the students and other teachers have left. I ride a motorcycle to work; we own a car but rarely use it because it is impractical with the gas prices. My work is at least 15 km away from home. As I was going home, I noticed a bunch of students forming a circle in a waiting shed, about 10 to 15 of them, and they seemed to be hitting something. My curiosity got the best of me, so I stopped and turned back to see what they were up to. When I called them, they all ran away, panicked as they recognized me. 

I immediately saw a kid lying on the pavement with blood flowing. I rushed to the kid and checked if he was breathing, then put him in a recovery position on his side. I noticed he had a nosebleed, a cut on his forehead, a swollen left eye, and other bruises. I opened the under-seat box of my motorcycle and got a cloth, tying it with the rubber band I had to his forehead. I called for emergency response. The kid woke up at this point, and I told him to just lay down. 

Some bystanders noticed me as I yelled for help. I asked them if they knew the kid’s parents, and some of them recognized him and immediately ran to his house for his parents. After about 15 minutes, an ambulance arrived, and as the paramedics came, I stood aside as they removed the cloth bandage I put on his forehead. They asked me some questions, and I told them the story. 

The parents arrived, panicked. The mother was crying, and they went with the paramedics. I hadn't had any update that day. I went home, told my wife the story, and she kinda teased me because I saved someone today; that was her way of saying she's proud of me. I was trained as an emergency responder, and yes, I was proud of that. 

Today, I was attending a seminar when I got a call from my school head. The parents of the kid wanted to file a case against me because I didn’t intervene earlier. They claimed I didn’t do anything to avoid this conflict. As a teacher, I should know how to mitigate situations like this. They insisted I was negligent and did not prioritize the safety of their child. They claimed they contacted a lawyer, telling them that the school or I should be the one paying the hospital bills because it was our fault this happened, or else they would file a case. 

It turns out the students I saw talking to some teachers were the ones who beat up the kid. The other teachers believed their stories that they were just talking at the time. The kid’s name is Alvin (not his real name), and he was a shy kid with problems with his left eye. He was getting bullied because of that, and now the doctor said he may never see out of that eye again. 

It broke my heart. Tomorrow, I should be attending the second day of my seminar, but I will go talk to the parents to straighten things out. I understand that they are just driven by their emotions. I know I didn’t do anything wrong; I didn’t even know their kid up to that point, and it happened outside the school parameters, so the school has no authority or obligations. I'm not pointing blame at others. I just feel guilty, knowing that what if I had spoken to the students earlier that Monday? Maybe I could have handled things better.

Anyways, I just want to share my story here. I know it’s kinda boring, but thanks for reading. I’ll update if I can. 

Since yesterday, I've been making calls to my lawyer godparents, my lawyer friend, and some local officials for CCTV camera footage. I’ve worked with almost all officials within our school community because I helped a lot of students get scholarships and even pass on their college applications. They collected witnesses, and the community has been very supportive. The school board talked to me and said that I didn’t do anything wrong. 

Our school head said that if I hadn't stepped in, Alvin ma