Heartbreak can transform a person in ways they never expected. About two years ago, I met a woman to whom I felt an instant attraction. I found out she was recently divorced, and I pursued her. She seemed interested. I asked her out, we started dating, and eventually, we moved in together. This all happened over the course of two years. We were supposedly taking it slow because she was still sensitive about the breakup of her marriage. I thought things were great, and I was really in love. I planned on asking her to marry me if things worked out for us living together.

After just six months, I came home, and she had packed all her things and informed me she was going back to her ex, and they were going to work things out. I was hurt, but I knew she still had feelings for him, so I wished her well and tried to be understanding. She said she waited until I was home to tell me in person, which I thought was weird since she decided to pack her belongings first. I had a vague feeling that she was just going to ghost me, so I came home before she could leave. She got back with her ex, and I started dating other women again.

After about a year, she contacted me just to see how I was doing. We talked, and she let me know things didn’t work out for her and her ex, and she wanted to see me again. I was still into her, so I agreed, and we started dating again. Another six months went by; we moved back in together, and everything was going great. I still wanted to settle down with her, and she felt the same. 

Once again, after about three months this time, she came to me and let me know that she wanted to date other men because she was still young. In her whole life, she had only been with her ex-husband and me, and she wanted to know what else was out there. Again, I wished her well, and I moved out. She wanted to be roommates while she dated; I couldn’t do that, so I moved out. I knew we would never be together after that and made up my mind to move on, but I was hurting.

Not even two weeks went by, and I found out she had met another guy at her work, and he was the reason she wanted to start dating again, not caring when I told her I was moving out. I don’t know how long they were talking before I left, but he moved in not even two weeks later. When I found this out, I was hurting even more. It took two years before I could convince her to move in with me, but only two weeks for this guy. I eventually started to get over it after about six months; I was still sad but seeing other women. 

Around that time, one of her friends contacted me and wanted to speak to me. I was confused because she was her friend, not mine, and I didn’t feel we were particularly close. So we met, and I dreaded that it was a setup to get me and her friend back together again. I still had feelings for her but no longer wished to pursue a relationship. She started the conversation by saying it wasn’t her place, but she felt I deserved better. She told me that her friend had confided in her a long time ago that she wasn’t really into me at all, but I was a good guy with a solid career and secure future to settle down with in case nothing better came along.

I was stunned by this, and it was like someone flipped a switch. Instantly, my feelings for this girl were gone. Thinking back, it all made sense, I knew it was true. I always knew I wasn’t her first choice, and I was okay with that, but to find out that I was her last choice killed whatever feelings I had left for her. I thanked her, paid the check, and as I was leaving, she warned me that things didn’t go well with the other guy, and her friend had mentioned getting back together with me. 

Sure enough, a couple of weeks went by, and she started texting me, asking how I was doing, sending provocative selfies, and even showing up at my usual hangouts. I ignored the texts and pretended not to see her at the club, making a quick exit the first time. The second time I was with a date, and I noticed that when she saw that, she made a hasty exit. She seemed to get the message after that and didn’t contact me for a couple of years after that.

I’m ashamed to say the last time she contacted me, I felt a grim satisfaction that she seemed desperate and lonely while hinting we should see each other again. Not going to lie, I still harbor resentment. I’m settled down with a wonderful woman now, and she knew that when she contacted me and still did anyway.