In a shocking turn of events, a casual walk during a break turned into a nightmare that one could hardly imagine. Four days ago, I was walking with a coworker on a break just to stretch our legs. We work in an office setting, so we like to get up every once in a while and get some fresh air. We walk in a half-circle around the building. In the back, there are stairs that we like to go down and then back up on our way back for exercise. It's two sets of concrete steps. It was a beautiful sunny day with blue skies. 

Near the top of the stairs, we were in mid-conversation while heading down, and all of a sudden, I heard him go,  Oh god,  and then he tripped and fell somehow. He rolled down and landed at the bottom in a heap, face-first in the concrete. I just stared for a few seconds because it was so sudden. I ran to the bottom while asking if he was okay, but he didn’t move or respond. I got close and realized there was blood coming from his head and face, and his arms and legs were seized up and stiff when I tried to roll him over. 

I freaked out but managed to call for help while also texting another coworker friend of mine to come outside the office because our friend fell. They told me to roll him over and perform CPR while they came, which I did. The ambulance got there about ten minutes after I called and took him to the hospital, but I’m sure he was already dead when I was doing CPR. I feel really weird about it—sad, but also just strange. It's hard to put into words. It doesn’t seem real. I will get flashes where I realize what happened and feel an intense tightness in my chest as the severity of it hits me. I keep imagining him laying at the bottom of the stairs face down, and also his torn-up face when I was giving him CPR when he was already dead. 

It's also just really sad because he was one of my best friends at work. I've barely slept since Tuesday and was full of adrenaline for a full day after it happened. He was single with no kids or anything; he only had a brother and father who live in other states. I don’t really know why I’m writing all this, but I just feel really strange and am wondering if anyone ever experienced something like this. 

I didn’t expect this post to get so much traction. I appreciate all the advice and positive thoughts sent my way. It saddens me that many of you have similar experiences. I can’t respond to every comment, but I am reading every single one. Thank you.