Imagine discovering the love of your life is cheating on you; it's a gut-wrenching shock that changes everything. I was with M for years, and for me, everything was fine. We were the classic couple, always together, doing everything together, going everywhere together, and all this stuff just like she wanted. For me, it was okay. But everything changed months ago when I discovered that she was cheating on me with one of my friends. 

After that, I didn't make any type of scene. I never screamed, I never cried, or did anything that I hate. I just told her that we were over, and we immediately broke up. Of course, she tried to change my mind with tears, begged me for forgiveness, and tried to hug me, but I always refused because cheating is the only thing I will never forgive. 

She spent months stalking me on social media with fake accounts, tried to contact me with new numbers, and even had her friends reach out to me, but I had always refused to do anything for her. I wasn't even mad; I was just in shock and couldn't believe that she did that to me since I had done everything I could for her. I always made her surprises, both expensive and simple gifts. We went on vacations to beautiful places, and I was romantic with her, bringing flowers and chocolate, making her special meals. I even took cooking classes for her, so the cheating came out of the blue for me.

I love to work out, so my physique wasn’t a problem, and even sex wasn’t an issue because I had heard her many times with her female friends saying how lucky she was to find a guy that could satisfy her. Anyway, a month ago, I bought a new car because my old one had serious problems. The mechanic, a family friend, clearly told me to get rid of it because the cost of maintenance was too high, so I did. I bought my new car and installed some cameras and a security system inside because it was new and very expensive, and I wanted it to be protected. 

So, a few weeks ago in the morning, I found my brand new car completely destroyed—broken windows, scraps everywhere, and a note on the front that said, “Please, I just want to talk with you.” I immediately knew that she was the one who caused all the damage, and the cameras recorded that too. The same day, I went to the police with the evidence to sue her, and after a few days, I received a message from a new number where she was begging me to withdraw the complaint because she had a job interview. If they knew about her actions, she would lose the opportunity for the job. 

I never replied to her messages during these months, and I never will. Of course, I'm not withdrawing the complaint. It's been weeks that she has been calling and messaging me to withdraw the complaint, but I will never do it. For me, any action has consequences, and you must think about the consequences before acting, not after begging. 

So, in the end, my ex will not have her job, and I will have my car repaired. For me, everything is fine, although she is still messaging and calling me. I will never change my mind.