people on the street, even less so considering that today there is a soccer game. My mom helped my dad and took a taxi. She didn’t say anything to me, didn’t scream; she just cried, and as soon as she grabbed my dad, she ran away. I’m not lying; if she had tried to intervene, maybe she would have gotten the same treatment.

A few hours later, my mother wrote to me on my cell phone. Apparently, they contacted a friend from university who told them where I lived, saying that my father needs a septum reconstruction because it was perforated and dental reconstruction for broken teeth. Everything was going to cost the equivalent of k USD, which is a lot of money here—not a fortune, but it’s a lot. I have already been clear with her; I am not going to put in a single cent. For my sake, she and my dad could end up just like my cousin. I don’t care. She has been calling me, asking for forgiveness for everything, that she wants to come back into my life, that she was afraid, and that she should have protected me or at least believed me. According to her, my dad felt the same, and according to him, he deserves every hit I gave him. I guess we agree on that.

I told my wife everything; she already knew what happened in the past with my parents. She just told me that she understood, that, according to what I told her, my father died when he kicked me out of his house. So who I hit was just a stranger with his face. I found her comparison funny, and I agreed with her. She told me that if they tried legal measures, we would simply say that it was in self-defense. A law was recently passed in which lethal force can even be used when it’s about self-defense. So if something happens to him, we can rely on that. Right now, I’m glad I have a lawyer wife. I can’t help but feel more liberated after this. My parents aren’t poor, so I know they’ll get the money for the operation. I hope they just aren't idiots enough to come back to my house. This is my home now. If I have to beat them both to get them out of my life, I will. At the end of the day, they are the ones who started all this; I was just defending myself.

I still feel a little euphoric and happy. The truth is, I am a little happy that they are suffering; they deserve it. I am happy with my life and my family, and I would protect them at any cost, which includes my parents. I needed to get this off my chest somehow, so I’m writing this to release it. Somehow, telling it all has made me feel better.