A shocking revelation can forever alter the course of one’s life, as I learned all too well. I am from Peru, from a provincial city. When I was years old, my cousin, who is the same age as me, accused me of having raped her. She and I were very close since we were children; we used to spend time together. Due to family problems, she began to have depression. It wasn’t like before; now all she did was scream, get angry, or even blame me because I didn’t have the same problems as her. The truth is I was trying to help her, but my own mental health was beginning to deteriorate, so I decided little by little to move away.

Months passed, and I had no contact with her until one day my father came to my house and called me. I went out to meet him, and he received me with a slap in the face. It should be noted that my father had never hit me before; that was my mother, and only for specific reasons. When I asked him about the reason behind the hit, he slapped me again and told me to get out of the house, that his brother (my cousin's father) had told him that my cousin said that I raped her and that’s why she was so depressed. Apparently, her dad realized that she was cutting herself, and to get out of it, she just blamed me for everything. My cousin didn’t press charges, obviously because there is no proof, but still, my dad told me that my uncle wanted to beat me up. My dad was disappointed in me; he hit me again, called me an abuser, insulted me, and told me to get out of his house. My mom was always a submissive person with him, so she didn’t say anything to him. I simply, with my lip bleeding, grabbed my most valuable things and left. Thank God I had my savings on my card from what I had worked for, and I was able to go to the capital by public transportation.

Once in the capital, I managed to rent a small room. I had a bad time for the next few years, jumping from job to job to survive. When I was years old, my partner at that time told me that I could work at KFC, where she worked as a delivery order receptionist. The part-time job paid well, and with the bonuses, I could even earn double or triple my salary, so I worked there doing the best I could while studying a technical degree in administration.

Years passed, and I ended up becoming a supervisor and then manager of that store, thanks to my technical degree in business administration. At the age of , I became a partner with a former university classmate with whom I still had contact (she is a lawyer), and at the age of , we got married. It was a small wedding because both she and I are modest with expenses, and I had no family to invite. We currently have a one-year-old son whom I love with all my soul.

It was after this that everything went to hell. Today, in the middle of the afternoon, there was a knock at my door. It was my parents; it had been more than a decade since I had seen them. I was frozen, but not with fear, only with anger. My dad asked me if he could come in, and I told him no. So we talked in a nearby park. In short, they told me that my cousin had committed suicide and that in her letter she confessed the whole truth: the person who actually abused her was her mother's brother and that everything was orchestrated by him to cover up other things. The truth is, I was very indifferent. For me, whoever accuses others of those crimes deserves to suffer them in the flesh. So I didn’t feel sorry for her. I told them kindly, resisting my urge to yell at them, to go away and never contact me again; that they were dead to me.

When I stood up from the bench to go home, my dad grabbed me by the shoulder. He told me that we had to keep talking. I told him no. He insisted, then I turned around and instinctively hit him. I don’t know when my dad became so weak; any Latino knows that country men are quite strong, but one hit was enough to break his nose. He stood stunned, looking at me with his eyes open and his nose bleeding, while my mom covered her mouth. For some reason I can’t explain, my next reaction was to throw myself at him. It wasn’t difficult to knock him to the ground, and I continued hitting him. When he started to cover his face, I hit his head or forehead. I won’t lie; it felt liberating. I felt like I was crying while I hit him, and I continued until my right hand was hurting.

My mother stood still; for some reason, she didn’t do anything—she just watched and cried. By that time, it was already night, and in our area, it was difficult to 