I was living on the edge of survival and doing the unthinkable. I was years old, facing eviction from my apartment because I couldn't pay rent. I had lost my job and no longer had an income. I began to starve; my only nutrition came from free popcorn offered at a grocery store that was a minute walk away from my apartment. Shortly before I lost my apartment, I came to the realization that I could dress up in a costume, go trick-or-treating by myself, and survive by eating candy. I didn't have a costume. I was starving to death, and the fatigue was severe. I came up with the idea to put on a bunch of Ed Hardy clothes. I devised an alibi: the reason for my costume was that I was the ghost of Ed Hardy, a famous tattoo artist. 

Imagine a skinny year old pale guy going door-to-door, asking for candy with a black cloth sack. I looked like a criminal. I got so much candy! I could not believe the generosity of the people that I interacted with. Complete strangers chilling at home, who were expecting children, filled my bag with candy. Some people looked shocked, while others found it funny. I still can't believe I worked up the courage to do that at my age.

After about an hour of trick-or-treating, I returned home to my apartment. The door lock was broken because someone had kicked my door in a few weeks prior. It didn't feel like a safe home because of that; I couldn't lock the door. I proceeded to fill my stomach with as many candy bars as I could. I packed my stomach with chocolate. 

Due to extreme starvation followed by heavy nourishment, I experienced a very strange, intense euphoria. It felt as though I had smoked a large amount of marijuana. Lights became dim, my vision shifted to fuzzy, and an incredible sense of peace washed over me. I felt so calm and high that I ended up blissfully falling asleep in my queen-sized bed. The fear of my housing situation melted away, and all I felt was tranquility. I never get to share this story; it's one of the few highlights of my life.