You won't believe what happened at the concert! A lot of people liked the story of my dad and the dentist who stole a credit card, so I figured I'd share another story of my dad. One year, my dad, my cousin, and a friend of ours saw that Breaking Benjamin was going to be playing about an hour away from us. We bought tickets a month in advance and were excited to see them. 

Fast forward to the day of the concert, and an opening band called Young Guns was playing just before Breaking Benjamin. They announced afterwards they were going to do a meet and greet to promote their album that was coming out at the time. The concert was great; we moshed, jumped around, and had an awesome time. 

Afterwards, while we were standing in line to meet the band, we noticed a woman, probably in her late twenties, who was dressed like she was trying to fit in with the younger crowd. She had been looking in our direction, especially towards my dad. My dad is very young-looking, well-built, and just an overall very handsome guy, so it wasn't uncommon for women to give him attention randomly. 

Anyway, she moved in closer and closer, to the point where she was directly behind my dad, and she started up a conversation, just like,  Hey, I’m [name], what’s your name?  He engaged a little but eventually turned his back to her. This woman then put her stomach and chest up against my dad's lower back and slowly slid her hands up the back of his thighs until she was literally cradling a butt cheek in each hand. My dad's eyes went wide, and he gave me a look of disbelief. She started whispering to him, trying to seduce him, saying something like,  Hey, if you want to come with me, maybe we can get to know one another. 

Suddenly, my dad agreed to her suggestions, which confused me because, dude, you're married to my mom! What is happening? So he offered this woman his arm, to which she quickly and happily slid her arm through his, and they began to walk towards the front door of the venue. I was questioning everything, wondering what on Earth could possibly happen here. 

Suddenly, as they approached the front door, my dad made a quick left turn, pulling the lady directly into the security office, where he dumped her off to the security team, claiming she was drunk and that he didn't know who she was. He came back smiling to himself, and we met the band, took pictures, and, I'm pretty sure, as we left, the lady who tried to swoon my dad by groping him gave us a middle finger. 

I love my dad.