and I felt a sharp pain as they punctured my penis to administer local anesthesia—the only thing I would feel throughout the whole operation. I decided that since the surgery was not very complex and I had been left awake, I might as well try to enjoy the experience. It certainly was a unique situation, having the surgeon and his nurses work diligently on my private parts as I laid there witnessing the whole thing (or rather, as much of it as my position allowed me to). The show did not last very long though, and soon I found myself back in the changing room, carefully putting my pants on as I tried not to touch the muddle of bandages that was now my penis. 

The post-operative period was not fun. When I removed the dressing, the whole area down there was a mess. A bunch of bloody, amorphous skin with colors ranging from flesh tones to yellowish, red, and purple. My swollen penis looked like the face of Rocky Balboa after the fight with Apollo Creed. It was a truly sad thing: I had certainly not given many satisfactions to my penis over the course of my life, and it seemed like suffering was all it knew. 

Fortunately, the recovery was quick. In just three or four days, it finally resembled the shape of a penis again, and I could take a pee without my heart breaking for the sight of it alone. Yet when I thought this whole trauma was behind me, fate sent a last dose of cringe directly my way. 

I had a stitch done during the procedure to close the area where they had surgically removed the genital wart, and they told me I could just go to any local clinic to have it removed. I went to one and told them what I needed, and they sent me to the first available nurse: an attractive lady about my age. The scene that plays next depicts a situation that, as silly as it was, still remains one of the most embarrassing moments in my life. 

A nervous young man timidly enters the room and is noticed by the nurse. 

NURSE: Hello, I was told you need some stitches removed, is that correct? 

BOY: Uuhm, yes, that's right. 

NURSE: Ok, where do you have them? 

BOY: (more nervously) Well, it’s only one, and, uh, it’s on my penis. 

NURSE: (caught off guard) Oh, uhm, ok. Go ahead and lay down there. 

As she turns her back on me to sterilize some tools, I pull my pants down and lay face-up on the stretcher. It goes without saying that at this point I am blushing and embarrassed, and you all know what happens to a penis when you are feeling like that. The stitch was on the mid to upper part of my uncircumcised penis, but the foreskin had collapsed into itself so much out of my nervousness that it was completely covering the stitch. When the nurse turned around, what she saw was a guy on her stretcher with his penis out and no stitch on it. 

NURSE: (confused and a bit alarmed) Wait, so where is the stitch? 

I look down and realize what's going on. I quickly reach out for my penis and clumsily pull the skin back to expose the stitch before she has a chance to call security on me for pulling an embarrassing stunt in her office. She finally spots the stitch, with great relief I’m sure, and proceeds to remove it as I lay there trying to stop my memory from registering the moment. Soon after, I leave the office as if in a trance, not really processing yet what has just happened, but glad to be over with this whole ordeal. 

The problem was that, of course, it was not over. In focusing on the miraculous discovery of the genital wart, everybody had forgotten about the issue that got me to the doctor in the first place. But I for sure had not, as my testicles and perineum area were still pretty dry and itchy. Wary of my first dermatologist, who had only been taking shots in the dark until he stumbled upon the wart, I decided to try with a new one. 

This second dermatologist aimed in the right direction surprisingly quickly. He wanted to know whether there was any history of skin conditions in my family. He checked my nails and saw their thickness and the tiny dents on them. He recognized that the genital wart had just been an unrelated incident and was pretty certain about what my real diagnosis was. 

After four doctors, nearly ten examinations of my genitals, surgery, and a lot of time and emotional distress, I finally got my answer: I suffered from genital psoriasis. 

Nowadays, my life as a man with genital psoriasis is not very different from anyone else's. I have a few patches of psoriasis that get worse periodically and a set of lotio