What happens when a virgin's life turns into a painful medical mystery? 

The story of my red penis is a tale of mystery and adventure, a quest filled with juvenile confusion and dangerously high levels of awkwardness. In the winter after I turned a certain age, I started to find dead skin on my underwear. Every day, I would notice more accumulating there, along with increasing itchiness in the area of my perineum where that skin was coming from. Since the region was not visible to my eye, I never noticed the patch of red, irritated skin I had, but after putting up with the discomfort for a while, I figured it was time to do something about it. I plucked up the courage and, with this symptom under my belt, went to my first doctor, ready to face the awkwardness. Because the problem was located in the genital area, I figured the right doctor to see was a urologist. I felt a bit anxious coming to the appointment. I guess most people wouldn't be thrilled by the idea of having their genitals examined either, but bear in mind that back then, I was a young virgin with no sexual experience whatsoever. My penis had remained concealed for many years, kept secret like the Ark of the Covenant waiting for an Indiana Jones to discover it. I had always pictured someone a bit different to show my penis to for the first time, but I guess a short-winded doctor with tired analytical eyes and a shaky hand would have to do. 

He asked me to drop my pants and lie down, and instructed me to move my penis right and left like a joystick, then my testicles, in order to expose the whole affected area. As I stood back up, pulling up my pants, my face still red from the embarrassment, he passed a disappointing sentence. This is a skin problem; I can’t really help you with that. You should see a dermatologist. Like a teenage girl with daddy issues, I had given away my flower to the wrong guy. That same evening, I looked for a dermatologist and made the second of a large list of doctor appointments. 

My first visit to the dermatologist came a few days later. The fact that it was the second time going through such a process made it only slightly less awkward. He prescribed some lotions for me and scheduled a second visit the following week. The lotions didn’t do anything, so on my second visit he took another look at it and wrote me a prescription for a new lotion. Seven days later my skin was the same, and I was walking to my third appointment with this guy, wondering whether he was really just a creep that was writing me prescriptions for placebo to get to see my penis every week. 

So I was there, pants down, exposing my privates once again, and this time the doctor noticed a new patch of dry skin a bit further up, on the base of my penis. He took a sample of the skin there to get it sent to the laboratory, and it turns out to be a genital wart. 

To this day, it remains a complete mystery how I got an STD despite being a virgin. Everything I read about genital warts told me they are caused by the human papillomavirus (HPV) and transmitted through close genital contact. Although this can technically mean you can contract the virus while being a virgin, it implies that you must have had at least some sort of sexual experience where you came in close contact with somebody else's genitals. That had definitely not been my case. Back then, I had the black belt in virginity. I hadn’t even kissed a girl before, much less been anywhere near a vagina. That genital wart was the fetus of Jesus in the Virgin Mary's womb—a true miracle. 

My dermatologist sent me to the surgeon to get the wart removed. Things were escalating really quickly. My dad, whom I had been forced to update on the whole predicament when things started to get serious, drove me to the hospital on the day of the surgery. They made me wear one of those smocks that tie up in the front, exposing your backside, and carried me on a stretcher to the operating theater. Everything looked like the medical shows I would watch on TV. I laid there face up, slightly blinded by the big round flashlights directly above me, with doctors showing up in my field of vision as they hovered around getting the equipment ready. My penis, always a secondary actor in my life—if not just an extra—was finally having its breakthrough. The center of everyone’s attention, all the spotlights on it. Get ready buddy, the cameras are rolling, it’s your time to shine. 

The medical team gathered around me, ready to start,