Imagine bartering your innocence for cash and a moment's thrill. My heart was racing, and my knees even trembled a bit. I remember those feelings nearly a decade later. The nervous anticipation I felt as I walked across the hotel lobby and stood waiting for the elevator was palpable. I was wearing a little black dress, heels, and new lingerie. Everything about the outfit was out of character for me. I was nineteen years old and fit from years spent playing soccer and basketball. Nobody would ever confuse me for a model, but I'm not unattractive. I was a part-time student working my way through college, with a job at an upscale hotel. The goal was to work up to an assistant manager position to gain some coveted leadership experience for my resume.

The hotel was on a golf course and catered primarily to executive business travelers. It wasn't the kind of place your company puts you up when you're on the road; it's where the CEO of your company stays. We didn’t have a uniform, but we were required to dress professionally. That was typically a blouse and skirt for me. The clientele often liked to get flirty with the help. It was our job to go the extra mile. We flirted back, smiled, and laughed at every unoriginal bad joke; not just the women. The guys would kiss up too. That kind of thing could lead to unwanted advances. Men often wanted to buy me a drink. The more confident ones would suggest more, like having a drink in their room, but I always declined — at least until the day I didn’t.

He was a regular client with a European accent. I don’t know what he did, but he was at the hotel every other month and always booked a suite, starting at a hefty price. That night, he got in around 7 PM, obviously stressed, and complained about his day of travel. I was alone at the front desk when he mentioned he would use some company to help him relax. I politely declined. Then he offered me money. The temptation was real; I was on a partial scholarship for sports and athletics, but it wasn’t enough. I was struggling to pay my bills and tuition, but I wasn’t about to sell my dignity. I told him there were clubs nearby where his offer would be more appropriate.

 I'm not looking for professionals,  he said.  I don’t like dirty women.  I declined again. He opened his wallet and started counting out bills, laying down a fortune. I turned him down a third time. He persisted, upping the offer.  I can’t sell my virginity for that,  I finally blurted out. I was sure he’d stop after that and be more respectful, but the opposite happened. He offered me even more — then even more — up to $10,000 for a full night. I was overwhelmed. I told him I needed to think about it while desperately wanting him to go away.

The next night when he came by, I accepted his offer. He slipped me an envelope with the agreed amount in cash and told me to dress well and buy new lingerie. I kept most of the money, buying a dress on sale at Nordstrom Rack and lingerie at a boutique store. He got a room downtown in another hotel. I told him it was against the rules to socialize with guests. As I walked in, my nerves tingled; I had never felt like I might be sick before.

He sat by the window after he let me in.  Undress,  he commanded, with no niceties or icebreakers. I knelt to take off my heels.  Not like that,  he said.  Stand. Take your time.  I had been a tomboy most of my life and felt awkward. I didn’t want to blow it. I took off the dress, and he admired the lingerie, instructing me to spin for him. There is nothing like deflowering a woman, he told me.  It's special — to be a woman's first. The one she will never forget.  He kept talking as if trying to savor the moment or impress me, yet all I wanted was to get it over with.

The act itself wasn’t very sensual. He was slow and methodical but knew what he was doing. He wasn’t bad, selfish, or hurried. He kept telling me how I would remember that night for the rest of my life. Obviously, he wasn’t wrong. He slept soundly after. I tossed and turned most of the night. In the morning, he ordered room service, but I didn’t have an appetite. Dining with him wasn't part of the agreement.

The money didn’t last long; at that age, it seemed like a lot, but I had so many school expenses. In retrospect, it doesn’t seem like enough money to sell your virginity to a man who obviously got off on corrupting people with his wealth. However, I wasn’t really a virgin anyway. I had only claimed that because I thought he would leave me alone. Little did I know it would only lead to him upping the offer.