broken when I heard that, and my eyes started to water with tears as I asked,  Why? Why did you do it? You said you wanted to be a mother.  I felt weak and fell to my knees next to the sofa, starting to cry. I reached out and placed my hand on her stomach, still asking,  Why? Why? Why?  I looked her in the eyes and said,  How could you? HOW COULD YOU KILL MY BABY?  

I saw it in her eyes that she was regretting it, but she wasn't answering. For the last time, I asked, screaming at her,  WHY DID YOU KILL MY BABY?  Then she started crying, saying it wasn't like that, and that it was all a prank. 

I started crying even harder and asked her if she was still pregnant, but she denied it. She said she had never been pregnant and that all of it was supposed to be a joke. She hugged me, saying she was sorry and that she didn't think I would react like this. After a few minutes of crying and her saying she was sorry, I asked her why she did that, why she thought it would be funny. But she couldn't respond. I pushed her away and walked out, saying I needed to be alone. She wanted to stop me, but I told her to leave me alone as I walked out. 

I took my car and drove off. I stopped at a parking place about a kilometer from where I live. All the time, my phone was ringing; I knew it was my girlfriend, but I didn't want to talk to her, so I turned on airplane mode. I unfolded the seat so I could lie down on it. For a few hours, I lay there, not thinking about anything, until I fell asleep. 

I woke up when my alarm started ringing. At first, I wasn't sure where I was, but after a few seconds, I remembered what happened yesterday. I started to cry again. I was cold because the temperature was low. It was a Saturday, and I had to go to work. I calmed down after a few minutes and went to work. One of my friends saw that something was bothering me and asked what happened. Since I'm not the type of person who shares my problems with others, I just said I slept badly and was having a bad day. He said,  Shit happens,  gave me a smile, and walked on his way. 

After my shift, I drove off from work and cried again during the ride. I was always afraid of becoming a burden to someone, so I decided to sleep again in my car. My phone was dead, so I just laid in the car all day, thinking about what happened. Every time I tried to imagine myself as a dad, I couldn't, and each time I cried. My heart was shattered, and I didn't know what to do. 

Today (Sunday), I decided to return home and talk with my girlfriend. In the next few days, I will give an update. I don't know what to say to her, and I don't even know how I will react when I see her. But I know one thing: she has lost my trust because she knew it was my dream to be a dad, and I don't know if I can forgive her.