What if the biggest joy of your life was all just a cruel prank? 

At first, English is not my first language, so sorry for any mistakes. I've decided to post this here because I need to tell someone, and because my girlfriend is the only person I truly trusted to share everything with. I have no one else to open up to. I know she and any friends of ours are not using Reddit, so they won't see this story. 

I'm a male and my girlfriend and I have been together for a few years. It's my first serious relationship and she's the only person I've ever truly loved. I mean, I really love her. I have siblings and a mother. I like my siblings but do not love them, and I hate my mother because she was abusive, both physically and mentally. I've never been close with them, and I always thought that if you are related by blood, you don't have to love that person. But I knew one thing: if I ever have kids, I will love them no matter what.

Becoming a dad was my most important dream. Not just a father, but a DADDY. A man who will do anything for his family, who will watch when his kids take their first steps and say their first words. I just wanted to be with them, to look at them, to listen to them, but now I don't know if I still want that. My girlfriend told me she definitely wants to have kids in the future because it was her dream too, to become a mom, and she's more than happy to have a happy family. 

We loved to make pranks with each other, but they were innocent jokes, like doorway tape pranks or hiding small plastic spiders in the drawer. 

It all happened this week. Last week, we lived like usual; there was no indication that my girlfriend was planning a prank on me. On Thursday, after I came back from work, she was sitting in our living room, looking concerned. I immediately noticed and sat next to her, asking what happened. She then pulled out a pregnancy test and told me she was pregnant. I couldn't believe it; I was more than happy. I hugged her tight and kissed her. She was still concerned, but I was excitedly telling her that we would be parents. We both know it's a big responsibility, but we would make it together. Then she asked me not to tell anyone yet, because she wanted to do it personally. I said it was not a problem because we often had dinner at her parents' house on Sundays, so I thought she would tell them then. I was the happiest man alive. 

Before I found out about the pregnancy, I was looking for an engagement ring. I wanted to ask her to marry me, but I decided to wait to buy her the ring she deserves and do it the right way. I was excited all day and wanted to spend all my time with her, but she was not in the mood. I thought it was hormones, so I didn't push her and let her be alone, assuring her that I was there if she needed anything. When we went to bed, she was still in a bad mood. I hugged her, massaging her belly, telling her that I loved her and that we would make it. 

Before we fell asleep, she told me she needed to take a day off work. I said it was fine and if she felt bad, to call me and I would come home from work earlier to be with her. The next day, I woke up before her and, like usual, went to work, leaving her a note that said she would be a perfect mother. I wanted to assure her that everything would be fine. I texted her a few times during work, but she didn't respond. I was a little worried and decided to talk to her later. 

When I came back from work, she wasn't at home, so I texted and called her a few times, but she didn't respond. I called her mother and sister to ask if they knew where she was, but they didn't. I decided to wait a few hours while I tried to call her many times. After a few hours, she finally came back. I went to her and hugged her, asking if everything was fine. She told me yes, now everything was fine. She said we needed to talk, so we sat down and I waited to hear what she wanted to say. 

At the beginning, she said she was afraid of the pregnancy and knew that she would not be able to be a good mother. I interrupted her, telling her that she would be a great mother. I gave her the example of how close she was to her niece, how wonderfully she took care of her, and how much she loved her. She told me this was a different situation and that she didn't want to be a mother yet. With a little smile, she told me she had an abortion. 

I couldn't believe it, so I asked her to say it one more time. Once again, she told me she had an abortion. My heart was com