You won't believe what happened to me in school. I was in the third grade, a very hyper, fun-loving kid who could befriend anyone like it was nothing. There was one girl in my class who had a crush on me at the time, and I had gotten close with her, completely unaware of her feelings. Long story short, I told her I was not interested, as I wasn't even allowed to date yet and just wanted to have fun. But I was okay with staying friends. Her best friend was our math teacher's daughter, who was also in the same grade. This math teacher did not care for me, which was perfect because I didn't care for her either. She was an absolute bully to numerous kids. 

On the very last day of school, all the third graders spent the day outside playing. I was running around, having a great day and ready for summer vacation when my math teacher, her daughter, and the girl who liked me were standing near me talking. Suddenly, I heard my math teacher speak up and say,  Without a doubt, she will be...  (She said my name, not she). Me being me, I turned to her and asked,  My name will be what?  Her response made my stomach drop to my toes. In a loud, stern voice, she said,  I said you will no doubt end up a teen mom; you'll have a baby before you're out of high school.  I just looked at her with disgust and confusion. I didn't understand. I was never flirtatious, never all over boys; in fact, I acted more like a boy than most of the boys in my class. I was a very rough tomboy at that time. I couldn't believe someone who was supposed to educate and care about their students would ever say something as evil as that. 

Flash forward. I’m bartending at a well-respected lodge in my town, making great money. She walks in. As you can imagine, my face said it all. She acted surprised and tried to be friendly, asking what I had been up to. I smiled the biggest grin and said,  Working this amazing job, traveling, enjoying life, still no kids—can you believe it?  The shame and embarrassment on her face was perfect. It was a full circle moment I thought I would never receive. 

This story is absolutely pointless, but I have always wanted to share this victory with others. An important lesson in all of this is that I’ve been through so much, and realistically, I shouldn't be here. I beat all odds and statistics. I made my life what it is today, and the joke is on everyone who doubted me.