Every relationship has its breaking point, but what I witnessed last night turned everything upside down. My boyfriend and I are high school sweethearts and have been together since freshman year. We hit it off massively early on in the school year and have stayed solid ever since. He has a strange relationship with his parents; he had a strong and deep connection with his mother that I have witnessed multiple times, and I tease him sometimes about being a mama's boy, but he didn't interact with his father much.

After we graduated high school, he decided to move in with me in my one-bedroom apartment. We shared a room and used the other room as a game room where he would play his video games. About a few months ago, my girlfriend had a baby, and I would help babysit when she had to work. While babysitting that little bundle of joy, I fell hard for the baby and gained a massive baby fever. I constantly asked my boyfriend to give me a baby until he finally gave in, and we started trying for one. A few weeks later, I was overjoyed to find out I was pregnant, crying for hours from excitement while on FaceTime with my girlfriend.

My girlfriend instructed us to go have an ultrasound done to see the baby's gender. I wanted a girl, but my boyfriend seemed confident we were going to have a boy. After the results, the doctor said we were having not one but two girls. I was obviously excited, but my boyfriend seemed disappointed. I tried to ask him what was wrong, but he gave me the usual,  Oh, nothing babe, I’m fine.  That was always his response when he was upset.

Fast forward to present day, and I was discussing with my boyfriend how we were going to tell our parents about the pregnancy. He admitted he found my dad scary and would be too scared to tell him. I reassured him that my dad is a kind person who likes him. However, the conversation shifted, and he expressed concern that my dad would be disappointed in him for not having a son. I reassured him that my dad wouldn’t think that and that he had the wrong idea.

I asked him if he was okay or if he had something to tell me. He insisted I was reading into it too much, saying it doesn't make him any less of a man because we weren’t having a boy. This confused me because I had said nothing about him being less of a man. He nervously admitted he was scared of what people think of him, which I told him described social anxiety. I noticed he started tearing up.

When I asked him what was wrong and if everything was okay—this was the first time I had ever seen him cry in the years we’ve been together—he revealed he felt he wasn't good enough for me, not man enough, and feared everyone would hate him for not having a boy. I tried to calm him down so we could talk, but he cried harder, rambling about how his father wouldn’t accept him for being weak and not a true man. He explained that his father had abused him, instilling the belief that true men only have boys and don’t cry. My boyfriend had strived for his father's approval, but his father was never proud of him.

While he vented about his trauma, he cried so hard that his nose started bleeding, and he passed out in my arms. What he shared with me kept me up all night, and I don’t know what to do.