What if the daughter you never knew existed suddenly reached out for your help? 

It has been a weird couple of days for me, and I need to get this off my chest. This all started on Friday when I got a Facebook message from an old colleague telling me my daughter was trying to contact me. I hadn’t heard from this person in years, so I was skeptical at first, but I decided to hear them out. The girl in question has recently lost her mother to cancer, and the man who she thought was her father turned around and told her she wasn’t his and kicked her out. She moved in with her uncle, thankfully, but ever since, she's been looking for her real dad. 

Years ago, I was a naive young man, barely in my twenties, working in a supermarket. When I started, I was buddied up with a gorgeous woman who was significantly older than me. Being rather naive, I instantly became infatuated with her easygoing and tactile demeanor. Sadly, only a month after I started that job, she handed in her notice. That spurred me to ask her out on a date. She laughed and agreed, and so started the wildest months of my life. I won’t go into details, but we were intimate on a handful of occasions, and I even stupidly confessed my love to her. However, she then told me she was moving away to be with her fiancé, which left me absolutely heartbroken. Later, a colleague would tell me that she was also seeing a guy who worked on the checkouts at the same time.

Back to the present day—I had all but forgotten about it. I have kids and a very pregnant wife to think about, so this has somewhat knocked me sideways. I feel for the girl, having her whole world torn apart so abruptly, but the thing is, I don’t think I’m her father. Though I was young and foolish, I always used protection. Still, there is a part of me that hopes I am, as I can provide the loving family that she is desperately looking for. I haven’t told my wife yet because she is months pregnant with our third child and has enough to worry about, but I have arranged a paternity test.

Another thought that crossed my mind is that she is contacting me first because I am the better prospect. I went on to bigger and better things while the other guy is still working on the checkouts at the same store years later, and from what I’ve been told, he has a bit of a problem with alcohol. I’m also angry at the man who raised her, playing dad all those years, only to callously abandon her when she needed him the most. I’m also angry and sad that I might have missed out on so much of my potential daughter's childhood. My wife knows something is up, so I think I’m going to bite the bullet and tell her. I just had to get this off my chest.

Update: Wow, I didn't expect this to blow up so much. I have an update on the situation. I sat my wife down and told her everything this morning, like most of you have been suggesting. After giving me a severe tongue-lashing for not telling her sooner, my wife said probably the most sensible thing I’ve heard, which is that I should try to contact the girl’s uncle to verify her story. 

You see, I made one fatal assumption, which was that the stepfather was the same person as the fiancé. It turns out the checkout guy found out about the baby and claimed she was his. The fiancé broke things off after discovering her infidelity and decided to move abroad. The checkout guy got a paternity test when the girl was born, and he wasn’t the father—but he only did it to try to get back together with her, which obviously failed miserably. The stepfather didn’t come along until a year or two later after the girl was born. He’s been having a hard time dealing with the death of his wife, and after a particularly bad argument, he decided the best thing was for the girl to stay with her uncle, who is an absolutely lovely guy and remembered me even though I had only met him briefly in the past. 

Anyway, she is happy and safe with her uncle. It's close to her school, and she gets along well with her cousins. The crazy thing is that they weren’t actually looking for me; I just happen to have the same first name as the fiancé. The young lady jumped the gun in contacting me, but they are sure that the fiancé is her father. This is when my wife made another sensible suggestion, and asked for the girl's birthday so we can match up the dates. They don’t quite match up, but I’m still going through with the paternity test, just in case. The thing is, now I have to put up with the odd rendition of  Billi