he treated his wife and wished she could have had that with me but was afraid to tell me I wasn’t doing enough in our marriage. 

In her words, she made a mistake and didn’t know how to end it once it started. For now, we are living in the same house because realistically, neither of us has the means to leave right now, as her family doesn’t live here. Plus, the costs of renting and houses here are absurd, and on top of that, we still have our children in our house who are all still in school. She is basically trying to do anything to keep me around, including telling me I can see women casually outside of our marriage as long as I come home to her; she would never hold it against me as cheating. I told her that’s not much of a marriage, and it’s certainly not anything I ever set out to have, but she is hell-bent on keeping our family together by any means. She’s even brought up how we shouldn’t let our kids live in a broken home because of our marital issues. 

I guess my wife is under the impression that nothing could make me want out of this marriage and that by offering things like that, she thinks it will fix our marriage. I guess in a way, that is my fault for letting so much slide in the past. I do love her in some ways, but at this point, I think the love is more just from the fact we have kids together and that I’ve been with her for nearly two decades rather than feelings of being in love. My self-confidence is low, and my wife is out of my league, but still, I don’t think that’s enough of a reason to stay. She claims she loves me and doesn’t want to lose all we’ve built and are building toward, but to me, I just can’t see how that can be true when she was so okay with running around with one of my only friends. 

I can’t trust her; to me, her word is meaningless. I forgive her, then how long until she goes and does it again? I do think people can make mistakes and be forgiven because people are flawed, but this isn’t just one slip-up. And truth be told, my faith in her is so low, I don’t even know if there have been more instances on top of the ones I actually know about. My mental state is essentially a puddle of mud right now. I’m sure there are probably people reading this calling me a dumbass, and I can’t even argue that, but my life is a mess and I don’t know how to proceed. 

I should have clarified that better. Me saying I don’t know how to proceed is more about how to go about handling this with my children. I’ve never dealt with anything legal, so the stress of having to meet with lawyers and not knowing how to go about our living situation is overwhelming. I have enough proof that my wife couldn’t flip the switch and take everything from me, but as a guy, that's always something you have to worry about. Thank you for your words. Some of you saying I’m a dumbass—trust me, I know and I can’t change that now; unfortunately. I just have to keep moving forward.