The betrayal stings in a way you can never prepare for. I have been with my wife for many years. We have children together. I was always of the mindset that I wanted monogamy in life, one woman to come home to and that I would be with for the long haul. I had women try to talk to me over the years, but I never pursued it because I was completely content in my marriage; my wife was my dream girl, and I never wanted to hurt her.

Over the years, there were occasions where I discovered she was being unfaithful in our marriage. One was an off-and-on-again affair that lasted a few years with her married coworker, and the other was a fling with an ex she dated in high school when she went to visit her family states away. I'm sure there will be people who say I am stupid, which looking back, I can't even deny myself. However, after a period of separation from both situations, I decided to forgive my wife as I never wanted to raise my children in a broken home like I had been, and I really felt like we could make it through.

We were young whenever the situation with her coworker happened, so I chalked it up to being young and making dumb choices without thinking. For a while, things were seemingly okay. I never fully trusted her, but I tried my best to push back my doubts because I knew if I decided to forgive her, then I had to do my best to move past it and have a clean slate. It’s been years since the last time she had been unfaithful, and I felt like I made the right decision by letting her have that chance to show she still wanted to be in our marriage. She was a different person for years, and we were happy and even had various things set in motion for the future of our family. 

However, months ago, my reality was once again shattered by yet another incident, which in my mind, was by far worse than the others. I ended up receiving a message from one of my best friend’s wives. This friend knew my wife a little; he had met her in passing, but it wasn’t like we all hung out together or anything like that for me to even worry about them. We worked together, so there were some times my wife would bring him up multiple times while we were talking about work. She would bring me coffee to work and also one for him. I noticed when she did, she'd dress in more revealing clothing than she usually wore, but I never commented on it. She even convinced me that we should buy him a joint birthday present and take him out for drinks on his birthday. Just little things like that which were obviously weird, but I didn’t think I had anything to worry about with either of them. To my knowledge, he had a good marriage with his wife; he never spoke badly about it, so I didn’t think he’d have any interest either. Not to mention, we’d actually been friends for a very long time, and I trusted him. 

I’d make comments in a joking way to my wife about how she took too much of an interest in him, and she laughed it off, saying she just wanted to have another couple to be friends with. She never actually tried to plan anything as far as to hang out with him and his wife. I agreed they would be good friends, so again, I never thought too much into the overly friendliness of my wife with him. Turns out, I was way wrong not to, because I was met with multiple screenshots implying they were engaged in a full-out affair. I wanted to get my proof situated before I confronted my wife because I didn’t want her to have the opportunity to manipulate the situation or try to lie her way out of it. So, I started to go through call logs and credit statements because I didn’t know how far this actually went past the social media screenshots I saw.

When the truth came out, neither of them tried to lie to me about it. I found out they were sneaking off to hotels when she was supposed to be doing doubles at work, and he was supposed to be off with family. My friend would leave work to go see her at her job basically every day for a month, and she’d meet up with him on his lunch breaks. They were even planning a weekend at a hotel for the following weekend before the truth came out. I obviously cut ties with my friend, and honestly, I have no idea what to do about my situation with my wife. Their affair ended, and my wife apologized profusely, saying she just got carried away. She said that she felt lacking in our marriage with both of us dedicating so much time to work and other things, and my friend was there and a nice guy. She said she let herself envy the way