What if the biggest joke of your life turned into a wild revelation? This story is actually pretty tongue-in-cheek. I just thought it was hilarious. My wife and I have been together since high school. When we first started dating, we took each other's virginities when I was still a teenager, and she was already an adult. We were both in high school at the time. Honestly, the whole relationship was pretty adorable right from the start. Holding hands on the bus, getting off at the wrong bus stop so I could spend more time walking her home, kissing on an old wooden bridge while it rained—very Hallmark-type stuff. 

As we grew older, I would tease her that since I was younger and she was technically an adult, she had groomed me (her being an innocent Catholic girl and me being a lacrosse player). Her deflection for this was that the age of consent in our state is legal. One night, after we had been drinking, the same old joke came up, leading us to research the actual law. Turns out, yes, the age of consent is indeed law, but the relationship has to have the approval of the younger party's parents. My wife then claimed that because my mom would buy my condoms for Christmas, it was her way of consenting to us having sex.

Fast forward to this year. My mother was staying over at our house because she was on a business trip and didn’t want to pay for hotels. Once again, I brought up the joke, and my wife then used her trump card about my mom buying condoms, which she thought meant everything was cool. My mom then turned to her and said, I didn’t consent to you two having sex. I just bought my son condoms because I didn’t want him getting any girls pregnant. I knew I couldn't stop him from having sex, but if he was going to, I wanted him to use protection. I don’t think I’ve laughed that hard in years.

So now, because of this revelation, I can say the canonical story of events for my wife and my long and very happy marriage starts with her grooming me as a young teen, technically molesting me, and then through her manipulating my young mind, she convinced me to buy a ring and propose to her on the top of a mountain overlooking a lake on a camping trip we went on together. Long story short, according to Reddit logic, my wife is a pedophile and a child molester, and I’ve sentenced her to asking for forgiveness over her large collection of Jesus candles (I told her not to be looking at the baby Jesus candle because I just know).

Before the comments section starts freaking out, yes, I know there are real victims in this world, and this story isn’t meant to belittle their experience. I’m just trying to tell a wholesome and funny story that’s finally come to a close. This post has made me realize that a lot of people either don’t have a friendship with their significant other where there are recurring jokes or they aren’t in a relationship with their best friend; they’re in a relationship with their bully.