What happens when talent meets brutal industry standards? A girl I attended a few classes with in college was also a musician. I never heard her work at the time, which was before general social media, but one day she mentioned her agent got her an audition for a record label, so I imagine she was pretty good. She said they loved her, but just one thing: she needed to lose weight. She was by no means fat, but not supermodel skinny either. She said the label told her they were looking for a Britney Spears competitor, someone a few years older like her, but she needed to be super skinny. She was like, forget that, I'm going to make it on my own talent; they'll see. 

We graduated, and I never saw her again. She didn't even pop up in my head until maybe two years later. Not sure what triggered it, but I got curious to see if she ever did make it as a musician. This was about five years ago, and I found a web page for her music. She was an indie artist playing gigs around her hometown. And... oh boy, she was super skinny. Like unhealthy skinny; her face just didn’t look normal. I felt bad for her. I didn’t know her whole life story, but in college, she was the attractive type who never went out of her way to try and sexualize herself. Not the case here; she looked like she was trying way too hard. 

And just tonight, she popped up in my head again. I was actually watching a video on YouTube that talked about how record labels manufacture stars, and I thought of her again, so I found her social media this time. It looks like she’s still an indie musician, at least as of two years ago. And she appeared to be a much healthier weight, although she had some obvious breast implants. Not judging that part at all. 

Finally, I heard one of her songs. It was recorded about a decade ago, but she’s a damn good musician. I can see why she got the audition all those years ago. She’ll probably never get that record deal, but it hasn't stopped her from being a musician. So good on her.