I never anticipated my world would shatter in just a few strokes of my wife's fingertips. My wife and I have been together for years and married for several. We have a set of year-old twins. Our relationship over the last years has been spectacular. We spend at least one night a week together on a date, sex is regular, we discuss everything, have long intimate conversations, and financially we are hitting full stride; both of us have growing careers. It wasn't always this good, but it has never been bad either. We have grown up together. We had a lot of the typical couple issues early on, but each challenge just seemed to bring us closer in the end. 

That's what makes what I found out days ago so much more devastating: my wife has been cheating on me. Every June, my wife and her best friend take a girls' trip. It's been a tradition they've done since they were young. It's nothing crazy; they usually just pick a nearby touristy town and spend the weekend shopping or lounging by a pool. She has this year's trip already booked, and it's in just a couple of weeks.

The other day, I was looking at our bank account app, and it wanted some mandatory info verification. I clicked the button, and it went into two-step authorization. It said it had to send me a code via text, but it's my wife's phone tied to the account. I begrudgingly got up and found her phone. I would normally ask, but she was napping, and I didn't want to wake her. I picked the phone up and hit for the code to unlock it since it obviously wasn't going to recognize my face. I know the pin; it's the same thing she uses for everything. 

Once unlocked, she had Snapchat open, and there was a message from her best friend in the chat. It said,  Are you really going to go through with it?  A sense of dread washed over me. I really had no reason to feel this way, but something about the question felt off. I typed back,  Why wouldn't I?  Scarlett responded,  I'm just saying, guys at once is pretty intense.  

My heart dropped; I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Knowing I couldn't keep the charade up, I stopped responding and began looking through the Snaps. There were several guys I vaguely recognized as being from my wife's past. Unfortunately, it's Snapchat, so when I clicked on them, there was nothing there. I went deeper into her phone. There was nothing in her texts or email. I looked through an oddly named folder and found WhatsApp. Here were the messages I was looking for: her messaging with her old high school boyfriend, making plans for their upcoming girls' trip. 

No smoking gun, no sexts or pics, but definitely flirty. They were definitely making plans to meet at the hotel and planning on him bringing his college roommate. I couldn't believe she would do this. I was also wondering how long this has been going on. There are not a lot of messages, but I could tell this won't be the first time Donald has joined her on the girls' trip. I knew Scarlett would figure out that I sent that last response and that I had to confront my wife when she awoke.

When she finally awoke, some grueling minutes later, she immediately picked up her phone. She didn't even notice me sitting in the corner of our room. After looking at her snaps and sending a few back to Scarlett, she finally put two and two together and realized I had been on her phone. She looked over and finally noticed my presence. Her first words, said in a very aggravated tone, were,  Did you go through my phone?  

Before I could even get a word out, she started laying into me about invasion of privacy. I became immediately engaged. How dare she blame me for anything? I told her I know she is cheating, that she's talking to Donald and Jon, and that her trip with Scarlett is just a cover. At first, she tried to deny everything, gaslighting me. Telling me I'm reading too much into the messages, that she is just catching up with old friends and knew I would react this way, which is why she didn't tell me they were going to get lunch. It was all nonsense.

I got so mad this whole thing devolved into screaming and yelling. I told her I wanted a divorce, and she said,  Really? You're going to throw away over years over a couple of nothing texts?  Implying I was the one throwing things away made me see red, and I said what I knew would get under her skin far more than anything else:  I'm not the one throwing it away.  Now I knew this would drive her crazy. She hates that word. I've never seen her that mad, bu