You won't believe the chaos that unfolded in this story! It has been a long time since I last posted, but with so many people offering support and advice, I felt I owed you all this yearly update. I know everyone wanted me to just divorce and move on, and I would have loved to, but I also needed her to have consequences. It took me months of researching and planning, but when I was ready, I was going to make her pay for her callousness. I knew I couldn't go scorched earth. Between my state's laws, custody, and the fact that we both have good jobs, a dumpster fire was going to be the best I could pull off. But you know what? The dumpster fire was good enough. I'll never forget the look on her face. 

When Gwen got back from her girls' trip, she tried to be her usual loving self, tried to initiate contact, and told me all about it. I played like a broken man while rejecting her. I slowly loosened up this facade, making it seem more and more like I was getting back to normal, and gradually allowed more of her affections. My whole goal was just for her to have a sense of security. I still remembered the threats she made right after D-Day, and I'll never forget her telling me I would be the loser in all of this regardless of the outcome. Well, I wasn't going to lose; she was. Her biggest flaw was complacency. She expected everything to just tick on as normal, and she was in too much of a fog to even think I would pull the stunts I did.

My first plan was to hurt her financially. Not a lot I could do here, but I did empty our joint savings account. I then used that money to pay off my debts, notably the car that was in my name. I also hired a lawyer and got him to draft the papers. Right at the end, I used a decent chunk to put a deposit down and the first month’s rent on a rental house. I figured timing everything just right to ruin next year's girls' trip was ideal. 

Over the last year, I have been slowly collecting any and all evidence of infidelity I could find. With the cat being out of the bag, my wife was much more lax with her phone. Before, she was somewhat guarded with it, but now, since she thought I was so beaten down, she left it lying around. This allowed me to get screenshots and pictures and send them to myself. I discovered Scarlett wasn't just faking the girls' trip; she was having a full-on affair for years. I gathered enough evidence to raise suspicion with a concerned spouse, especially with other red flags in the relationship.

Finally, we reached the week leading up to this year's girls' trip. She was going to leave on Friday; unfortunately for her, on Wednesday, the foreclosure notice on the house came. She came up screaming at me, asking why I stopped paying the mortgage and how this was going to destroy our credit. I reminded her that it wasn't my house; my name wasn't on it, and she should remember she was the one who pointed that out last year. Needless to say, she was extremely angry. 

She was even more upset when she went to check the savings and found it empty. For a few moments, I really thought she was going to hit me. She probably would have had I not been filming this whole fiasco as it went down. The best part was she then had to call her parents to cover the cost of stopping the foreclosure. I found that hilarious. She put her dad on speaker, who began ripping into me, talking about how his name was still on it, and finally yelled, “Why would you do this?” I simply replied, “Because your daughter likes to mess around with other guys.” 

She screamed at me,  You are such an asshole.  She turned at that point and left the room to deny what I just said, which couldn't have been more convenient. I took the chaos as my cue to send the infidelity evidence I had collected to the other spouses. Feeling content with my efforts so far, I went ahead and scooped the twins up and headed to my mother's house.

We had a nice time, but Gwen was blowing my phone up about the house. It was unfortunate that she figured out I had stopped paying for her car too; it would have likely been repossessed any day. The craziest part was she just could not fathom why I would do this. She kept asking me, “Wasn't she good enough? How could I do this? Why am I being so cruel?” When I finally responded, it was because I came to realize just how far gone she was; she was literally the definition of believing her own lies. I told her, “You cheat on me every year; you were going to do it again. Why would I stay with you