Betrayal can shatter your world in an instant. I have been dating my boyfriend, Daniel, for months. These past months have been hard on our relationship. I thought that finals and school were stressing us both out, and I assumed that during summer we would finally relax and our relationship would bounce back. Turns out Daniel has actually just been in the habit of dating minors. 

One of these girls knocked on my door. This girl was clearly very nervous, her face was red and clammy, and I didn't know what to think. She asked if I was me, and when I said yes, she started crying and handed me a manila envelope. She explained that she and my boyfriend had been dating for a month, stumbled onto his main account, had her older sister follow him, and saw me on there, completely unaware of my existence. 

The girl went on to explain how she had been cheated on once and wouldn’t wish it on anyone. Inside the envelope were printed-out messages and explicit pictures of him. Then the girl begged me not to call the police and to just confront him because her parents would do something. She left, and I was floored. I felt like I wasn’t myself; I didn’t know what to say or do. 

Now, I think I'm in the raging phase, so I sent his explicit pictures to his family group chat along with some of the messages and turned off my phone. I'm typing this on my computer. I can't wait to turn on my phone tomorrow morning. 

Fuck you, Daniel. 

Edit: Woahhhh. I did not expect this to reach the amount of people it did. Let me backtrack a bit. First, I did not send only his explicit pictures to his mom; I sent all messages and images I had. Secondly, weird men messaging me, please leave me alone. No, I don’t want to mess around; no, I don’t want to talk. 

Third, yes, I did drop off the messages to the police department this morning. They were busy and just asked for my number to call me, so I'm not sure if that was how it was supposed to go. 

Now for my favorite part: this morning I woke up to find Daniel in my kitchen, only in his boxers, crying on the floor like a child, saying I ruined his life and that I was a spiteful person. I laughed at Daniel, and once he started yelling, I called my brother. He already knew about the entire situation, so he dragged Daniel out of the house and left him in the yard. I don’t know where Daniel went, but I’m not sure if this is the end. I'll see what else that idiot does.