What happened in that house would make anyone question the sanity of their partner! A few weeks ago, I flew to South Korea for a vacation with friends who live there. My husband didn’t want to go and said he’d be fine staying home to watch the house and dog. I trusted him because he’s a 40-year-old adult man and assumed he’d be able to feed himself like a sane person, despite him possessing the cooking ability of a cactus. I was wrong. I should have dragged him and the dog along with me to another country.

What my husband decided to do during his weeks without me was absurd. I would have been happier if he had cheated on me instead. Because what he did was order nothing but Taco Bell through DoorDash after somehow breaking my stove by cooking an entire 5-pound bag of red lentils all at once. Then he didn’t bother to get a bowl for his lentils; he just ate them straight from the pot and stuffed the pot into the fridge, breaking one of the shelves inside it. 

Now realizing his mistake, he decided to order nothing but terrible tacos for the remaining weeks while getting high on medical marijuana. Also, for some reason, he bought a bunch of honeycombs from one of our friend's fathers and decided those made a good snack, eating nothing but beeswax and honey for the last few days because he’s some kind of weird alien in a human disguise. Apparently, honeycombs give you gas, and lentils give you gas, and Taco Bell gives you gas.

So now it’s today, and I’m awoken by what sounds like someone revving a motorcycle in my bedroom, followed by the stench of the fiery pits of hell itself. It’s 7 in the morning. He gets up and goes to use the toilet as I’m opening the windows in a poor attempt to ventilate the house, but it’s too late. He doesn’t even have a solid poop; it’s just 15 minutes of gas—like 30 seconds of nonstop farts followed by a huge gasp of air and then another 30 seconds of gas. By this time, the dog has hidden under my couch because it doesn’t know what those loud honking noises are and fears for its safety. I consider joining it but continue to open every window in my house. It’s 30 degrees out and windy. The wind just blows the fart smell around the house. 

My husband has left the bathroom and walked upstairs. It sounds like there’s a small 2-stroke engine in his pants. I can’t take it anymore and scream that I’m going to get breakfast at the diner and leave him. I bring the dog with me because the dog follows me out of the house, not wanting to be here right now either. So now I’m at the diner, waiting for my husband to de-gas himself while the dog sits underneath the table next to me, wearing a pink leash-kid harness that my friends bought for me as a gag gift that has my name and “Emotional Support Human” on it. The waitress thought it was some kind of in-joke. This is the start of my morning. I hope it’s not as stinky as yours.