You won't believe the absurdity of this situation; I'm divorcing my husband because of his horrific farts. But for the love, please read the whole thing before you comment. I truly wish this were a joke. Part of this whole situation is on me for not dating him for a long time before we got married, and a big chunk of that dating was spent having completely lost my sense of smell from Covid. That fact alone is absolutely unbelievable, but it's true. Side note, I got my smell back. 

The other wild part is that when we were dating, he mostly hung out at my place, and I didn’t have a lot of unhealthy snacks for him to snack on at night. This fact is very relevant for the story. Once we got married, things went downhill very quickly. He started inhaling as many snacks and as much dairy as possible at night. Sometimes he would go out and get a deep dish, fried cheese, loaded pizza, and devour it at midnight after eating an entire bag of greasy chips and several pieces of taffy with a glass of milk. 

At first, I thought it was just a bad fart here and there. But as the nights progressed, I realized that the bad farts were becoming a nightly nightmare. I know what normal stinky farts are, even bad sulfuric farts, but these are not simply either of those. These farts are incompatible with life itself. The first time one really hit me in the face, I projectile vomited. I could taste them; they were almost tangible objects in the air. I'm convinced they are soaked into the carpet and walls. Rotten egg is not even enough to describe what the smell is. It's almost as if something literally died inside of his stomach and was leaking into the air, trying to kill anyone that smells it. 

His farts are not human; they are not silly little rotten egg farts. There is something wrong with him. Truly. These farts are almost alive with a mind of their own, and they are terrifying. If there was a horror movie made about farts, it would be about his. They are unsettling at best. They make your mind feel like something bad happened, perhaps a murder. Your spirit does not feel settled because these are not normal farts in any way. These are violently horrifying.

It got to the point where I had to stop sleeping in our bedroom the second month of marriage. Not only that, but I had to blast the AC, stuff towels under our door, stuff towels under my daughter's door, turn the fan on in both rooms, and sleep in her room with her. He snuck into her room and farted when I was almost asleep so that I would start dry heaving. I had to start sleeping with the door locked with her. 

I started routine prescription nausea medicine to keep my food down at night because it was becoming a health hazard due to how sick it was making me. When I asked him if he thought the amount of food he was inhaling every night was causing his farts, he said yes. I asked if maybe he could slow down or substitute for healthier snacks, such as sea salt popcorn or lighter snacks, and he said no. His reasoning? He said he likes the way the farts feel exiting his body as they vibrate his prostate. 

I'm so horrified that I have to even share that detail. My life became a living nightmare, as I could no longer sleep in my room and also remain alive. My desk was in my room, so I also had to stop working in the daytime from my bedroom. He works from home in the bedroom too. I had to change the entire situation just to cater to the pleasure of his farts. 

I tried desperately to get him to go to a doctor; I found referrals to gastroenterologists, bought him probiotics, milk substitutes, and cooked healthy meals. He would literally tell me he didn't want the healthy meal and drive himself to fast food instead. He refused to go to the doctor, took the probiotics sometimes, but usually just pretended to and slipped them by his nightstand so I wouldn't see that he didn't take them. Knowing I was going to have to remain on prescription nausea meds, possibly for life, just to cohabitate with this man was mind-blowing.

Our budget was going crazy to keep up with the demands of the amount of food needed to meet his needs. At one point, he literally inhaled so much food so fast and so non-stop that he gained 30 pounds in just a few hours. He looked at the scale and screamed. I tried to get him into therapy and a psychiatrist, but no. I am a very body-positive person who does not fat shame and genuinely believes that you should eat what makes you feel healthy and good and not worry about h