It wasn't until we were almost six months in that she said she was ready to use her hall pass. By that point, I felt guilty about using mine, thinking maybe she reconsidered and wasn't going to use hers at all. So when she told me she was ready, she said it was a special situation and wanted to know if she was still inside our rules, because she wasn't going to break those. 

She told me for the last few months there had been a young intern in one of the other departments at her company. They interacted some, but they just talked about work, as her department and his often had to collaborate. She had been attracted to him, even more so after figuring out he wasn't an idiot, but she knew coworkers were bad choices. On top of that, he could potentially be hired at the end of his internship, and that's a big HR no-no. 

A few days ago, he came in and put in a notice that he would be ending his internship, as he had been hired for a full-time position in the same field at another company. Their office was all the way across the city, so it would be unlikely for them to bump into each other. She wanted to know if this was out of our lives enough. I told her it sounded fine to me; just be safe and smart. She said she would; she wasn't going to proposition him until after his last day was over. 

Fast forward a week, and the day was here. At the end of the day, as he was leaving and had said his goodbyes to everyone, my wife told him she would walk him out. He thought that was weird. When they got to his car, she propositioned him about having a night of fun together. She told him she had one hall pass for one night and would get a hotel for them if he was interested. He was very interested but wasn't sure if it was true and didn't want to get involved in a marriage. 

My wife put me on a FaceTime call, and the guy asked if it was real. I told him yes, I already used mine; you're her pick, so it's up to you. Jennifer told me he was very excited at that point. He followed her to a hotel, and she came back the next morning, where I returned the favor by reclaiming her. The next few weeks clicked by, and our anniversary got here. That day she stopped her birth control. About two weeks later, my wife was pregnant, which we thought was oddly quick. 

We booked an appointment and learned today that she is actually about six weeks along. This lines up perfectly with her hall pass use, but we also have been having sex often around that time, including the next day. So now I have no idea what to do. She's pregnant, and there is a chance it's not mine. I'm so stressed out. She said she needed to go for a walk to clear her mind. I'm just sitting here stewing, trying to figure out what I should do while waiting for her to come back. This is a total mess.