You won't believe what I just witnessed at my family reunion. I have been dating a guy for months. Let's call him Devin. I took Devin with me to my family reunion this year, held at a group of cabins by a lake in Northern Georgia. We have family spread out across the US, and every few years we pick a location to congregate for the weekend. I did not expect to walk in on this kind of congregation, though. 

Devin had met my mother once before, at dinner, along with my brother and sister, who are both a few years younger than me. Our parents divorced several years ago, and my father is busy drinking himself dead with his new girlfriend, so he did not attend dinner or the reunion. I did not pick up on any weird vibes or stolen glances at dinner, and my mother and I have some boundaries already about dating. She and I are only a few years apart, both fit and attractive. I like guys older than me, and she likes guys younger than her. 

My mother currently has a boyfriend, Frank. They've been together for about two years. Frank did not attend the family reunion. During the reunion, Devin has been distant from me. He found literally anything else to do rather than connect with me all weekend. Before the big meal on Saturday, he told me he didn’t find me very attractive. He said I'm too tall, not fit enough, he doesn’t like that I have a child, and I smoke too much weed. I know he’s grasping at straws. I am a tall woman, but I only weigh 130 lbs, and I don’t work out excessively, but I am strong. My son is really cool, and I don't have baby daddy drama. Devin should’ve said something about that a long time ago, right? 

And for the weed, I only smoke on special occasions. Anyway, we had a talk, and it turned into an argument, and Devin stormed out. We were staying in a room in one of the cabins. He stormed out and, apparently, straight into the RV where my mother was staying. I cried a lot and finally composed myself to go talk with my mom like girls do in a breakup. I opened the RV door and took one step up. I looked to my left and saw them both sprawled out on the bed, breathing heavily and freshly orgasmed. They saw me and did the oh-shit jump and covered up. 

I said nothing. I just walked over, slapped my mother across the face, and walked back out. Walking back toward the cabin, I saw cars arriving with more family members and food to prepare for the final family day feast. I have no idea what I’m supposed to do now. Do I tell my family? Do I tell her boyfriend? Do I act like nothing happened until after the party? How can I ever trust my mother again? How can I rebuild my self-esteem after a hit like that? 

TL;DR: My mother slept with my boyfriend during a family reunion.