Five years ago, I made a choice that royally messed up my life. I had a lot going for me. At the time, I was the new guy at my firm. I was an architect, mostly working on subdivisions, and really enjoying it. I had a long-term girlfriend named Emily, whom I had recently become engaged to. I really thought nothing could derail me. After Emily said yes, we began to plan the wedding. We were not up for the big wedding thing. We agreed we would have an elopement to a coastal city. San Diego became the plan; our parents and siblings were welcome to come if they wanted, but basically, we were just booking a honeymoon and getting married while we were there. Since this trip was going to be relatively inexpensive, we decided to splurge on pre-wedding activities. 

Now, neither of us wanted traditional bachelor or bachelorette parties. We agreed we would scratch off bucket list items. Emily wanted to swim with sharks and booked herself one of those cage dive excursions. She and her best friend, Maggie, went to Florida for a long weekend and did just that. Mine was quite a bit more adventurous. I had always wanted to visit Thailand. It was one of those dumb things I got fascinated with as a child and swore I was going to go. Emily actually encouraged me, pointing out that I literally brought up Thailand on our first date. 

We were months into our engagement when the time came for me and my best friend, Jorge, to leave on the trip. For the first few days, everything was great. We were enjoying beaches, visiting temples, and doing a lot of drinking. On that third night, though, Jorge got absolutely smashed drunk. I was a little pissed about this and tried to slow him down. The next day, we were supposed to go on a jungle excursion. It was one of the things I was most looking forward to, so I had been pacing myself to enjoy the trek. The next morning, Jorge had a world-class hangover, refused to get up at all, and said we could book an excursion tomorrow. My thought was,  No way, I'm going today.  I had seen ads for a few places that did these excursions. 

I went out to get some breakfast and spotted a guy on the side of the road offering the jungle excursion cheap. He had a Jeep, and when he noticed me looking at his sign, he moved in with the hard sell. Honestly, it did look a little shady, but the guy spoke English so well it gave me a false sense of security. I decided to go with this guy. I got in, and for a while, it was actually pretty fun. He pulled off the main road onto these off-road paths. I had no idea where we were going, but I was enjoying it for the most part. Then everything went sideways. We stopped in a small clearing, and I was checking some things out when, out of nowhere, local law enforcement pulled up. 

I didn't know what was being said; I could only pick out a word here and a word there. They began going through the guy's Jeep and found a rather large quantity of methamphetamine. I was terrified at this point. These cops took us both into their small, middle-of-nowhere station. This was when I realized that this guy had taken me into Cambodia. I didn't have my ID or passport on me; they were back in my hotel room. The cops weren't listening to anything I said, and I had no idea what my guide was telling them. I was freaking out but also thought,  It'll be okay; Jorge will realize I'm gone and look for me.  

I'm not going to go into what the next year and a half were like, but being in that Cambodian jail was hell. I’ll just leave it at that. It took months of sitting in that cell before I even saw a judge. The judicial system there is so backlogged, and the few public defenders that exist are basically in the large cities only. During this whole time, I was never allowed to contact anyone on the outside. The first time in front of the judge, they didn't have an interpreter, and it got postponed for another month. I finally had that pre-trial hearing, entered a plea, but then it was another several months before my actual hearing. 

When I finally had my hearing, the judge was very fair and dismissed my charges based on time served—only for the prosecutor to appeal the dismissal. This put me back into custody for another few months. This was the most devastating moment of my life, to think I was out and then still in for that long. During this time, after no one came for me, I realized they all thought I was dead. I had gone missing. Jorge had no idea where I was; I had called back home the morning I w