called back home the morning I was arrested and left messages, but they only knew I was going on a jungle excursion. My parents and my fiancée, I missed them so much. There were plenty of days I hoped one of the other inmates or a rough guard would just take me out already, especially after the first year when I became more tolerant of the food and water. 

Finally, after many months in captivity, I was released. I had nothing to my name and was in a country I wasn’t supposed to be in. I contacted the embassy, and they did have a missing persons file for me. They helped me contact home. I attempted to contact my fiancée, but a guy answered and didn’t know an Emily, so I figured she must have changed her number. I called my mother. She was frantic. She grabbed my father, and I told her my entire tale. I kept asking about Emily, and my mother kept deflecting. She wanted to get started immediately on getting me home and said we would talk about everything when I got back to the U.S. 

It took a little while to make this happen; my parents fortunately had my original passport and ID, which made the process somewhat faster. During that time, they sent me money, and I was able to get a hotel. My parents were very adamant I not try to contact Emily during this time and to wait until we got back. I obviously started to assume she had moved on and was with someone else, which was heartbreaking. I had held out hope during my imprisonment that she would not, but with the way my parents were acting, I assumed that was the case. 

Even so, I wanted to contact her immediately, before anything else. I didn’t want to talk about my time there, what they did trying to find me, or know anything about anyone else. I just wanted my fiancée. My parents sat me down and handed me a save-the-date card. It was Emily and some tall, handsome guy I had never seen before. She was engaged. I broke down; it wasn’t unexpected, but the feelings were still there. 

I asked my parents if they had kept in touch with her beyond just being wedding guest worthy. They said yes, they had actually been a huge part of each other’s lives these last few years. I was a little shocked; I knew they liked Emily, but with me gone, I had somewhat expected them to drift apart, not get closer. I decided to ask, so how close are you guys now? My mother responded, very; her father passed a year ago, and your dad has agreed to walk her down the aisle. That hurt; it shouldn’t have, but it did. 

Why you? was all I could say. My mom got emotional and started going on about how they all thought I was gone, that a cartel or something got me, that they looked hard and long. They had a whole memorial service for me. I snapped a little; I don’t care about that right now. What are you not telling me? My mother took that tablet and flipped a few photos. She then handed it back to me. There was a whole group photo: my parents, Emily, her fiancé, her mom, my sister, my brother, Emily’s brother, Jorge, other friends, and kids. But at the center of the table was a boy sitting behind a birthday cake. The decorations read Happy 5th Birthday. He was smiling big. 

I just looked at my parents. My mother looked at me and said, that’s your son, Paul Walter Ryne.