You won’t believe how this college student turned an awkward date mishap into a shocking proposal! I'm not sure if I missed a great opportunity or dodged a bullet. I'm in college, and while my parents are paying for my tuition and dorm room, I have to work to cover the rest of my expenses. Because my parents paid a little more, I have a single dorm room, meaning I have the room to myself. Last Friday, I had a date with a girl named Ashley. This was our second attempt at a first date; the first time was canceled because she got sick. We were in the restaurant for about twenty minutes when a friend of hers, Kate, walked in. I suspect they had arranged this. Kate greeted us, and Ashley asked her to join us. I wasn't happy about that, but I didn’t say anything. I read on Reddit about a guy in the same situation where they expected him to pay for everyone, so I was planning to use the same bluff he did. At the end of the night, the bill came, and I asked how we were going to handle it. Ashley asked me what I meant, saying, of course, I was meant to pay the bill. I was expecting that, so I said,  Ashley, I took you on a date and got Kate as extra. If I'm paying for all of us, I guess a threesome is on the table.  I was expecting them to argue and eventually take out their wallets. But Kate called my bluff. She said,  Sure, how does tonight sound?  Ashley looked shocked, but she kept quiet. Kate was bluffing, I'm sure of it. I play a lot of poker, so I was sure I could spot a bluff. So I said,  Okay, if I'm paying, both of you are coming with me to my dorm room tonight.  Kate said,  Sure, I don’t have to be up early tomorrow. We have all night long.  I waited a few moments, giving them a chance to back out, and then gave the waiter my debit card. I escorted them to my car, still thinking they would back out. But they didn't. We drove to the dorm, and I was hoping they would back out. The truth is, I don't have a lot of sexual experience. I was really bluffing. I hardly know what to do with one girl, let alone two. I was nervous and wanted to back out myself, but my ego wouldn’t let me. We walked to my dorm room, and just as I put the key in, Ashley broke. She said,  I'm not doing this. I'll Venmo you my half, and you can lose my number.  They started to walk away, and Kate smiled, turned to me, and said,  I know you were bluffing.  But I wasn’t.  Don't lose my number.  With that, she gave me a piece of paper with her number on it. I am both excited and afraid to call Kate.