What if you discovered your neighbor unconscious in his living room? Last week, I noticed my elderly widower neighbor had newspapers in front of his driveway. Every day, he brings the paper in and sits out front on the porch reading it, so I thought it was odd that days' worth was out there. I brought it up to the house and peeked in the garage window and saw his car still there. I looked through all the windows into all the rooms; he was not home. I figured he went out of town to visit family for Labor Day. 

I saw him the following day at the house reading his paper, and we talked. Sure enough, he had gone out of town. I told him I checked the house to make sure he was okay, and he appreciated that. Today, I happened to go outside again (I've been under the weather this week) and saw there were papers out there again. I grabbed them and brought them up to the house and was going to do my routine of making sure he wasn't home when I happened to notice that the living room window was wide open and all the lights were on. I peeked in and didn't see anything. I saw his car in the garage again. 

I thought, okay, maybe he just forgot to shut the window and left a light on for security. I went around the back and was stunned. The back door was wide open, with just the screen latched. He may be old, but he's not that careless. I called the cops, and they arrived within a minute (small town), and we made entry. We found him on his recliner, barely conscious. He couldn't make it to his phone to call for help. I called for an ambulance, and they got there in minutes and brought him to the hospital. Looks like he may have had a stroke, as he showed all the symptoms. 

I found Frank's son's phone number and gave him the information and secured the house. I'm going to pray for him tonight and go over tomorrow to clean up the couch, as it was soiled from sitting for days, and then stop by the hospital to check on him, although they probably won't give me information since I'm not family. The moral of the story is: please check on your elderly neighbors. If something doesn't seem right, it probably isn't.