Is society becoming numb to genuine connection? A heavyset man with red hair and a red beard was sitting across from me to the left at the adjacent table. An elegant young woman with a touch of makeup and saucer eyes sat directly to my left across from him. The man began drinking a whiskey cocktail right away. After initially declining, the woman ordered a glass of wine but asked for it to come with her meal. They still brought it out with his drink by mistake. The configuration was such that the woman and I shared a booth, although we had separate tables. They were seated at the same time I was. Both appeared to be in their mid-twenties. This was a mid-tier restaurant in greater Boston. I was a little early, and my dinner companion was a little late, so I spent about ten minutes listening to these people's back and forth. This part of the conversation came after about five minutes of small talk driven entirely by the woman. Bored waiting for my dinner companion and feeling socially anxious in the restaurant alone, I began noting down their conversation, a habit of mine. I think of it like doodling but with words. 

Woman: So I have to be honest, I've never gone out with someone from an app before. I’m not all too familiar with how things like this go.  
Man: I've been on a lot of these.  
Woman: That's nice. Silence.  
Woman: So was there anything you wanted to know about me?  
Man: Sure, like what?  
Woman: I mean never mind. So what's the difference between a journeyman plumber and a regular plumber?  
Man: No difference really.  
Woman: Oh. Well, I had to go to school for four years. You know, to get my degree for my job. I always thought it was so cool how some people just got right into working.  
Man: I have a degree.  
Woman: Oh, that's cool. What in?  
Man: Communications.  
Woman: Really?  
Man: Yeah. What?  
Woman: That just caught me a little by surprise. Only because you’re now working in plumbing, I mean.  
Man: Sure do.  
Woman: You know, I get nervous on first dates sometimes, and I can talk way too much. Don't hesitate to jump in.  
Man: You're fine.  
Woman: So have you lived out here your whole life?  
Man: Whole life.  
Woman: When people ask me where I’m from, I’m never quite sure how to answer because I actually grew up on a houseboat.  
Man: Is that why you picked a seafood place?  
Woman: Oh, haha. That’s a good one. I’ve never gotten that one.  
Man stares blankly.  
Woman: No, actually my family doesn’t know the first thing about fishing. My parents are marine biologists. They basically research whales. Like how George pretended to on Seinfeld, but for real.  
Man: You can eat whales?  
Woman: Uh, no.  
Man: Oh.  
Woman: Are you feeling alright? If this isn’t a good time or I said something that rubbed you the wrong way, we can do this some other time.  
Man: No, you’re fine.  
Woman: You know, funny story, I actually studied something different from what I ended up doing for work also. I majored in physics, and I only minored in music because I wanted accountability to not forget how to play the piano while I was busy with school. But I enjoyed it so much I thought, why not take a year and just do music stuff? And the rest is history. If you’d told me I’d be a professional this time ten years ago, I’d have laughed at you.  
Man: What kind of money do you make doing that?  
Woman: Excuse me?  
Man: What kind of money do you make doing that?  
Woman: Oh, you know. It varies.  
Man: That’s what I figured.  
Woman: Have you been watching anything good on Netflix lately? I’m binging some of my favorite shows from growing up, and watching them at such a different stage of life is kind of interesting.  
Man studies the menu.  
Woman: Anything look good to you?  
Man: Not really. I’m gonna see if they can just do a regular burger.  
Woman: I apologize. I should have checked if you like seafood.  
Man: I do. This stuff’s just more or less really overpriced for this area.  
Woman: Oh, I wasn't expecting you to pay.  
Man: So you’re paying? Cool, maybe I’ll get something else then, too.  
Woman: Haha.  
Man: What?  
Woman: Oh, you’re... You were making a joke, right?  
Man: What joke?  
Woman: I meant I didn’t expect you to pay for my half.  
Man: Oh.  
Woman: You know, I’m not super hungry. I might just stick with the glass of wine.  
Man: Okay. I’ll hurry up and order then. The service is mad slow in here, it seems like.  
Woman: So besides work, what are your interests and things?  
Man: Sports.  
