So a few years back, I was working in a manufacturing company as IT manager. Like many industries, we had a number of machines with embedded computer systems. For the sake of convenience, we called these production machines, because they produce stuff. By and large, these PCs are just normal desktop PCs that have a bunch of data acquisition cards in them connected to a PLC, or a second network card connected to an ethernet capable PLC. Invariably these PCs are purchased and configured when this production machine is being commissioned, and then just left as is until the production machine is retired... In some cases, this can be as long as  years. Please bear in mind that this is  years inside a dusty, hot factory environment.Ive been in manufacturing environments before, and this concept is not new to me. Thanks to a number of poignant lessons in the past, I make it my business to understand these PCs inside and out. I like to keep them on a tight refresh cycle, or when its not practical (in the case of archaic hardware or software), keep as many spares as possible. Also, regular backups are important - you just have to understand that unlike a normal PC, it can be difficult to do and plan it well in advance. More often than not, these PCs arent ITs responsibility - they fall under engineering or facilities. Even so, these guys understand that IT runs just about every other PC in the business, and welcome any advice or assistance that IT can provide. Finally, these PCs are usually tightly integrated into a production machine, and failure of the PC means the machine stops.And so we have todays stars:Airzone: Me, the new IT manager. TooExpensive: The sites facilities manager. Hes in charge of the maintenance of the site, including all of these production machines. Hes super paranoid about people trying to take his job, so he guards all his responsibilities jealously and doesnt communicate anything lest they get the drop on his efforts. Oh, and he has a fixation about not spending company money - even to the point of shafting the lawn-mowing guy out of a few hours pay - hence the name.VPO: Vice president of operations. The factory boss. No nonsense sort of guy.OldBoy: Well get to him, but his name is derived from being a man in his s.Im new, but in my first few weeks Ive already had a number of run-ins with TooExpensive. Im a fairly relaxed guy, but I have no qualms about letting someone dig their own grave and fall into it - and in the case of TooExpensive, Id be happy to lend him my shovel. My pet hate was when organising new network drops, I will always run a double when we needed a single. Were paying working-at-heights money already, and a double drop is material cost only. i.e. Adding  -  material on a  single drop cost. Hed invariably countermand all my orders and insist on singles. And then a few weeks  months later, Id have the sparkie in again to install the second drop, at another k.And then there was the time that he was getting shirty because I was holding up a project of his.. Well sorry, if you are running a project that requires  -  network ports, youd better at least talk to the IT guys prior to the day of installation. Not only will you not have drops, you wont have switch ports. And if you didnt budget for them, or advise far enough in advance that I could, then you can wait until I get around to it. Failure to plan is not an emergency.So you could see that we didnt exactly gel together well.Which brings us to these production machines, and the PCs nested within. Every attempt for me to try and document, or even understand  them was shut down by TooExpensive. gt Me: Hardware and software specifications gt TooExpensive: Thats my job, get lost. gt Me: Startup and shutdown procedures gt TooExpensive: Thats my job, get lost. gt Me: Backup gt TooExpensive: Thats my job, get lost.gt Me: Emergency contacts gt TooExpensive: Thats my job, get lost.You get the picture. It resulted in a strong and terse email from TooExpensive to leave it alone. He had all the documentation, contacts, backups, and didnt need, or want my meddling, and I was not to touch any production machines PC under any circumstance.Move forward a few months and Im helping one of the factory workers on their areas shared PC. Its located right next to one of these production machines. Its old. The machine itself was nearly an antique, but the controls system had been recently upgraded. It had co-ax network of  PCs - one NT primary domain contr