and a NT workstation, and a network PLC (also on co-ax). The machines were pentiums running the minimum specs for NT to run, with a control application whose application logic was configured entirely through a propriety database. I had actually seen this software in a different company, so I had some basic familiarity with it. The co-ax was terminated on a hub with a few cat ports on it to connect to our LAN and an old hp laserjet printer. These particular production machines are rare, only a few of them exist in the world. We bought this one from a company that had gone out of business a few years earlier.It was testamptag day and TooExpensive was running around a sparkie to do the testing. My earlier instruction to the sparkie was to not disconnect any computer equipment if it was not powered off. And so it came time to test this production machines PC. The sparkie wasnt going to touch it while it was on. Luckily TooExpensive came prepared with his thoroughly documented shutdown procedure: yank the power cords. The test passed, new labels were applied to the power cord, he plugged it back in and turned it back on, then ran off to his next conquest without waiting for the boot to finish. minutes later, the machine operator starts grumbling. I have a quick peek, and see that the control software had started, but the screen was garbled and none of the right measurements were showing. TooExpensive is called over, and he talked one look, pales, and then runs off.  minutes later, the operator looks at me and asks for help. I call TooExpensives mobile, and its off. I called VPOs mobile and suggest that he comes over immediately. minutes later, the operator, VPO, and I are looking at this machine. Its fucked. Theres the better part of a million dollars worth of product to be processed by this machine, and the nearest alternate machine is in Singapore, belonging to a different company. And if the processing isnt done within soon, the product will expire and be scrapped.  of revenue is from product processed by this machine. Were fucked. minutes later, we still cant get onto TooExpensive. We cant talk to him about the backups or any emergency contacts that he knows about. We cant even get his phone to ring.So as I have said, I have used this software before and have a basic understanding. I know enough that the configuration is everything, and configuration is matched to the machine. But I also knew a guy who did some of the implementations. A call to him gave me a lead, and I followed the leads until about  calls later, I had the guy who implemented this particular machine. OldBoy had retired  years earlier, but VPO had persuaded him to come out of retirement for an eyewatering sum of money.A few hours later, OldBoy took one look at the machine and confirmed that the database was fucked. Wed need to restore it from backup. TooExpensive is still not contactable.gt Me: Lets assume for a moment that there is no backup. What do we need to do.gt OldBoy: Normally Id say pray, buy you must have done that already because I havent kicked the bucket yet.To cut a long story short, we had to rebuild the database. But not from scratch. OldBoys MO was when setting up a machine, when he was done, hed create and store a backup database on the machine. The only issue was that  years of machine updates needed to be worked out. It also just so happens that through sheer effort, I am able to compare a corrupted database file to a good one, and fool with it enough to get it to load in the configuration editor. Its still mangled, but we are able to use that as a reference to build the lost config. All up, it took  days to bring this machine back online. But we did. To be honest, I certainly wasnt capable of doing this solo, and without my efforts to patch the corrupted database file, OldBoy would not have been able to restore  years of patches that we had no documentation for.And what of TooExpensiveAfter OldBoy and I started working on the problem, he showed up again. He ignored any advice about a backup (because obviously there wasnt any), and instead demanded regular status updates for him to report to VPO. The little shit had screwed up the machine, run off to hide, and now a solution was in progress, was trying to claim the credit.When it was all running again, OldBoy debriefed VPO on the solution. I then had my turn with VPO.gt VPO: So Airzone. Thanks for your help. Your efforts have un-fucked us. gt Me: No worries.gt VPO: And now we get t