Hi all, mandatory LTL, FTP. On mobile so formatting will be a bit sketchy and disclaimer, not in Tech Support but hopefully will be eventually after completing my Comp-Sci degree.Was in a TeamViewer session with a colleague but  brief minutes ago when I discovered to my distaste that his TB HDD was filled to the brim as was his GB SSD. Upon inquiring what was using such immense portions of precious digital real-estate, I was met with the standard Im not sure, its always been like that. I just delete stuff when its too full to function. Type response...Enter WinDirStat to save the day. For those of you unaware, this little app displays the contents of your drives in a graphical layout, with the size usage of each file proportionately scaled to the others.Normally one can expect a large block of medium sized files, some downloaded videos, a few steam games, but never in my years have I opened the application to find one GIANT MING MONSTROSITY of a block consuming well over half the poor TB drive, barely leaving other little files to squeeze in around the edges, clawing desperately for some left over s and s to call home.The seasoned among you will already have guessed, but this file was none other than the villain of the piece, the dark and shady pagefile.sys. Our hero (yours truly) swam through the dark recesses of the system configuration in search of the settings pane that would confirm my hunch, all the while my colleagues eyes growing wider with understanding and guilt. Eventually I found it. The page file options were set to Manual Configuration, and that manual configuration was a default size of TB, with permission to expand to ....My colleague offered an explanation for his actions. Apparently some four years ago he fancied himself a game of Modern Warefare and was displeased to find it kept crashing. Rather than just quit some background applications or buy some more memory, he decided the best solution was to boost his page file size. First a GB, no good. Maybe GB. No dice. Eventually he must have just opted for  followed by a random amount of zeros, happening to be an entire TB.Years passed and he didnt notice the change day to day as the page file gradually grew fatter, gorging itself on any scraps of excecutable it could find. Slowly expanding to occupy .TB of his total .. and that... Is how he has lived... Without question... For  years.A page file size drop and reboot later and he was a happy camper, and I had my first TFTS post.TLDR: Friend wanted to play a game, lacked sufficient RAM. Sacrificed most of TB HDD to the page file gods as an eternal offering.EDIT: Wow, this blew up overnight, thanks for making it a good first post all :) Also, Ive seen a lot of people ask why Im doing Comp-Sci for tech supportwanting to go into tech support in the first place. Truth is I oversimplified things, I didnt think it was relevant but the specifics are, Im doing a bachelor of Information Science, with a double major in Computer Science and Information Technology. Because, honestly I dont know specifically what I plan to do after graduating, just that I love IT and want to do something in that field. As for why tech support... After reading this sub-reddit, it sounds like it should keep me entertained