This happened awhile ago. I own my own computer repair business and a customer called me up asking me to build them a computer, they had all the parts and just wanted someone to put it together as they didnt trust them selves. It was a fairly high end computer, they spent probably  on parts. I put it together with no issues and they were very happy. When they picked it up they asked if I could fix up one of their older computers so their kids could play together. The computer they brought in was maybe - years old but for the time was top of the line parts and probably cost -, they bought an Nvidia GTX and told me that it needs a hard drive and some extra fans. So I picked up a  hard drive, swapped in the , installed the fans and it ran like a dream, I called them and told them it was ready, they were again really pleased and said they would be by later in the day.  days later I call them again and ask when they want it and they say they will be on the weekend.  days later they say they will be by at the end of the day.  weeks later I call and get no answer so I leave a message and send them an email explaining that starting at the beginning of next month there will be a week storage fee since its been over  days since it was completed. I call them in the middle of the week to again confirm when they wanted it and explain the fee, but no answer so I leave a message and text them. The week after I call and no answer so I leave another message, email, and text. On week  there was still no answer but they called me back  days later explaining there was a family emergency and they were out of town and they would be by within  days to pick it up,  days go by and they dont show up or call. On week  I call one last time and explain that this will be the last message they will get from me and I will hold on to the computer for  days at which point I will assume you dont want it and I will take ownership. So we are over day  and I now have a very good gaming computer for the low investment of .EDIT: Because a few people are criticizing me of taking advantage of a grieving family, let me clarify I dont know what the emergency was (for all I know it was some great aunt from Europe), and I have paper work to say its the companies (mine) after  days. Now I pride myself on customer satisfaction so I called them numerous times to try and verbally let them know it was ready and if after a few months they contact me back asking for the computer I will give it back to them.